2017-01-26 22:37:22
Atila Aier
11706671
4.0
The service here is very prompt..all the cocktails were delicious and the quality of the drink was on point ...the ambience was 👏!!!! Very relax bar . Not noisy at all ..

##

2016-09-03 02:45:36
Koninika De
1612850
4.0
Celebrating monsoons with Thinquisitive was indeed fun. A special day with the bloggers amidst the lush green nature at Vedic Village with unlimited splurge of cocktails and mocktails at Agnee. "Agni" meaning "fire" in Hindi is a hot lounge bar at The Vedic Village Resort in Kolkata. 

Location : Vedic Village Spa Resort at Shikharpur, at just 15 minutes drive from Rajarhat.

Decor and Ambience : In spite of the name Agni, this lounge bar in Vedic Village is set in beautiful and attractive and

Picturesque setting. The poolside being the backdrop and lining the other edges is a lush green ambience.

Staffs : The staffs are excellent with their prime motto to serve you. Right from the kickstart, they were there to guide us. Amicable , epitome of hospitality would just define the situation. 

Food : A place to relax and Chill Out. It prides itself on its extensive bar that features an array of innovative cocktails and mocktails. the excellent line up of house special cocktails that the bartenders fire up is wonderful.
                                ...

##

2016-06-24 13:02:28
Ishita Mukherjee
1110624
4.0
The name Vedic Village is synonymous with luxury,being located in nature’s lap and having an ayurvedic spa.It is located in the outskirts of the city,so it might be a bit of a challenge to reach this place.However,the place is worth taking the trouble for,if you are planning a weekend getaway with your family in a three star resort.A big thanks to team ThinkQuisitive for arranging such an uncommon yet a wonderful event at Vedic Village for food bloggers like us.
                                                ...

##

2016-06-14 19:37:03
Arghya Deep
10852711
4.0
Vedic Village, the spa resort is well known for its unique combination of a three star luxury resort & an ayurvedic medical spa. Though a perfect weekend gateway from the hustle bustle of the city, it's quite an uncommon venue for a food bloggers' meet. However the uncommon was materialised when the team of Thinquisitive i.e. Vaibhab, Aishwarya & Ishita arranged for the third bloggers' meet to take place there. Initially a bit sceptical about attending a meet so far away from Kolkata, I gave into the excitement since the name Vedic Village itself was quite tempting.

To say the truth, I was not quite aware of the route, & took help of Google Map, & it was a blunder. The route suggested by Google actually takes you through a narrow meandering road through villages & paddy fields. Though the proposition seems interesting & looks undoubtedly beautiful, the road itself is in a very poor condition, the bumpy ride too uncomfortable. I will Suggest you to take the Kaikhali road & keep your eyes open, rather than blindly following the 'un'smartphone navigation which may save you a couple of hundred metres , but will surely make sure you are late by half an hour.
Anyway after a tiring journey the impressive entrance of Vedic Village modelled after rural thatched clay houses was a welcoming site. As we entered, it was obvious we were going to have a great time enjoying the beautifully planned & constructed resort. After spending sometime at 'Chai' , the tea lounge where we were welcomed with cold towel & some refreshing welcome drink, we headed over to the first stop of our itinerary, 'Agni'.
'Agni' is the lounge bar overlooking the pool & patio. It has both air conditioned indoor seating & a covered outdoor area. However the outdoor area is better suited for winter times, & in this hot & humid weather we kept to the indoor lounge.
With the bar counter on the right & comfortable sofas & chairs all spread out , it's a nice place to unwind. The prices are definitely on the higher side, but the management playing hosts we were free to order anything we liked. Hence the drinks started flowing, some from the menu, some made to order customised mixes prepared by the experienced bartenders. Here are some of the drinks I tried.

Cocombrita:
A signature welcome drink of sorts, this one is a modern variation to a classic royal drink supposedly enjoyed by the local zamindars. Originally prepared with local spirits blended with cucumber juice, the modern version replaced the local spirit with Corralejo Premium Tequila. Also the drink is served as a shooter in place of classic margarita. Although quite refreshing in taste, the alcohol proportion is a tad bit too low to be considered a proper mix.

Cosmopolitan:
A fine mix of vodka, cranberry juice & lime juice, this one was done impeccably. A perfect drink if you are having a ladies night out.

Strawberry Daiquiri:
Another sweet cocktail with rum, strawberry liqueur & lime juice, this too was done neatly by the bartender.

Tequila Sunrise:
Tequila & orange juice served in a short glasses with diced orange peels as garnish. Tangy & sweet , good looking & great tasting.

Martini:
We opted for vodka martini or vodkatini, prepared with vodka & vermouth , garnished with a olive. This one was strong, really strong compared to the others, & of course had to be strong, else wouldn't have been band's drink :D. This mix again was perfect to the t.

Watermelon Cooler:
This one was a mocktail. Watermelon juice served in a beer mug with lots of ice cubes & garnished with a sprig of mint, this has to be the perfect summer cooler for everyone.

Apart from all the above drinks, I actually managed to coax the bartender into serving some vodka & litchi mix, pineapple & vodka mix. Each & every drink was perfectly made, served in good looking glassware. The service was top notch. Some may say for the price one has to pay here, service has to be like that. However still I would like to thank all the staffs for their wonderful hospitality. Surely I had a great time enjoying the drinks at 'Agni' . May be not the regular weekend hangout place, but surely a great 'go -to' place if you are looking for a short break on a Saturday evening or a Sunday morning. Please note if the price of individual items bug you, you can always opt for the unlimited drinks buffet, contact the help desk prior to your visit for the cost of the buffet.
I am surely going back shortly in the future to enjoy the beautiful drinks.
Till then
Happy Drinking
Cheers!
                                ...

##

2016-06-12 17:30:10
Rituparna Sarkar
1450750
3.5
We had both dinner and breakfast from this place. For dinner we had kadhai paneer tandoori roti chicken tikka masala finger chips and baked cheese cake. First of all roti came in all cold and hard and it was mostly burnt. Side dishes were prepared well. Chicken was falling apart. Paneer was soft. Gravy tasted pretty okaish. Cheesecake was something i enjoyed earing. It was served with berry sauce and lot of fruits tasted amazing. Finger chips were good too. The way it should be crispy on the outside soft in the inside.
Now coming to breakfast it had a wide range of it. Buffet had dosa idli bada chole-bhature baked beans whole wheat bread cereals fresh juice chicken hot pot croissant cones different types of pastries omelette creamy vegetables.  Range was definitely appreciable however it somehow lacked taste. Only two things i liked in the buffet was chole-bhature and fresh mango juice. It didn't have the 5 star quality which they're demanding. However I'm in love with the place will visit soon.

##

2016-05-02 23:39:45
Vishal Keshan
281701
2.5
Very average food with a very limited variety of food you don't have choices there very limited menu as well as choices in the buffet.

##

2016-02-05 23:33:19
Chhandak Chakraborty
823835
3.5
One word to describe this place - "Exorbitant" !!
A cocktail is charged 598 rupees including tax; dude seriously!!
I understand that being a part of such a 5 star kinda property, they gotta keep the levels high  however, what I feel is the delicacy and art of cocktail preparation they possess, should get much overwhelming response across all people, not only tata ambanis. Coz now a days, by the grace of Groupon and other online hotel reservation websites, people are given a choice and affordability factor to indulge themselves to actually "chill out" in such ecstatic places like vedic village and ffort radisson. But the rates of the bar should be lowered a bit to attract more customers. 
It was my 6th anniversary and we ordered for 2 margarita, 1 mojito and 1 long island iced tea. All these cocktails were impeccably unblemished. The service is available in the room as well as inside the bar and the sitting area outside in front of the beautiful swimming pool. They serve drinks upto 11.30 pm, staffs are very courteous(of course, had to be coz u are charging 600 for a mojito), the interior is very nice and so is the outside sitting arrangement. 
So if you are on some special occassion or have some filthy rich friend who has everything else to loose but money 😎😎, just go ahead and have these cocktails - you definitely gonna love that!!

##

2015-09-03 15:54:00
Jyoti Pandey
1716355
3.0
They have very limited varieties in cocktails,snacks and drinks also... Though nice place pool side view but bit boring music and interior.. There is only 1 small size lcd with poor quality picture and old repeat of cricket match..what d hell... Just pakao....snacks items is very few for vegetarians though i am vegetarian n very disappointed with their whole menu...nothing new in menu...staffs is well behaved and humble..

##

2015-05-16 13:57:25
Debopama Biswas
727101
3.0
Where there is alcohol, there is hapiness. :P that's probably the only thing good about this place.Ambience gets a thumbs up for providing an outdoor poolside seating arrangement in addition to an inside one. Good enough to enjoy an evening with wine glasses in hand and relax amidst nature.

##

