2017-08-20 00:33:19
Kaushal
14190061
1.0
Warning: Insects in sweets.

If there would have been an option of a negative review in Zomato, I would have given the same.

Dear all, don't get fooled by the positive reviews given by near and dear ones of or from the outlet.

 This place is a worst ever sweet shop I have come across. They sell products which is not at all fit for consumption. I had ordered a honey badam roasted sweet against which they offered a bundi milk badam sweet and that too with insects and cockroaches in it. I am attaching the snap of the same. Sweets in their counters had mosquitoes hovering over. A place where people trust blindly on quality of the product and pays that extra premium prices fails to excercise basic responsibility of keeping the kitchen hygienic and clean. Had initially decided to refrain from posting, but the ill effect of eating this sweet is still getting continued and hence it is important for people to know the truth behind highly decorated bakery/sweet shop named Arrk.

##

2017-06-12 14:31:00
Seema Daga
42430366
2.5
Bad Experience. We ordered few things two days before & paid all in advance. Later on we got a call that the same can't be prepared due to some issues. Items were changed & taste wasn't that good. Their savouries are not up to the mark. Better to use some other sweet shop than in spite of paying high price.

##

2017-03-14 12:38:18
Mohit Kejriwal
30283038
4.5
Well, a huge welcome to this new food paradise at Kankurgachi, especially from the Marwari community – since they cater to almost all a Marwari tongue ever demands! It is more than an honour for me to be the inaugural reviewer for this place!

Arrk might have been the name of the ship which Noah built to save entire humanity, and yes – Arrk Kankurgachi is also the grand saviour for Maroo foodies like us – in an area with dearth grave of quality food outlets. 

Was casually strolling by, when I noticed the unveiling of this new outlet, just besides the popular “Paridhan” Fashion store @ Kankurgachi. Without investing a second thought, I entered this outlet and was warmly greeted by the staff.

Although, size of the place might not be big, but they do offer a decent range of sweets as well as savouries, as well as several packed namkeens – used specially in Marwari styled chhitni basket packing! I went for a takeaway of their khasta kachori, pyaaz kachori as well as gillory samosa. Samosa was tasty, so were both the kachoris – but we were not content with the masala stuffing used in the kachoris - very spicy and throat burning.

I was also amazed at the food presentation – all items simply looked flawless – the pastry range deserves a special mention. Unfortunately, I could not order any of these since we were already having some Annapurna sweet meats lying at home.

What made my day was the unprecedented “Orange Sandesh” – perhaps, the best mishti I ever had in my life. Lots of curd cheese with orange nectar and topped with a couple of orange slices (IMPORT quality- mind it!!!!!!!!!). They could easily give the likes of Chittaranjan’s / Nalin Chand’s / Balaram Mullicks and Surendranath’s a long run for their money.

Mind it – that they are more of a pre-ordering style outlet and get your stuff made to order – as per your preference.

On enquiry, realization dawned that they serve Indian breakfast items, Chinese, Italian apart from the regular sweets and snacks.

Service is superb, so is the ambience as well as hygiene and packing - and surprisingly, pocket pinch is pretty reasonable.

Do visit and satiate your taste buds!

A huge thumbs up and a big recommendation!

##

