2016-08-10 17:07:51
Sumit Surai
11641
3.5
This is a proper outlet of the famous Bishnu Ji, who operates the roadside stall near Ganesh Talkies. Manned by his son, this outlet offers you all the popular chats and muris at the same rate but in a more hygienic environment. 

Special Singara Muri and Papri Chat are the must try items here.

##

2016-08-01 21:58:12
Sumit Surai
11641
3.5
Calcutta is known for its street food, and Jhal Muri / Masala Muri is definitely one of the popular items available almost everywhere in this city. Though the ingredients remain almost the same for most vendors, it is the special spices, and the amount in which it is added, makes few of them special. Bishnuji is one such person, whom you will find between Girish Park and Ganesh Talkies crossing. In business for the last 50 years, he is very popular not only in the neighbourhood, but also beyond. About six months back, his son Vikas Singh opened a proper outlet near Ram Mandir, on Chittaranjan Avenue. We visited the place to taste the legacy.
                                                ...

##

2016-02-22 22:01:50
Vishal || Vegetarian Beast
2781112
4.5
Well it was an planned visit after reading the review of

##

2016-02-21 01:00:53
Pawan Jaiswal/The Food Crave
73744
3.0
LOCATION AND DESCRIPTION: 
First of all its always been pleasure and privilage to be the first reviewer on any new place. Well this Newly opened Chat centre is in Ram Mandir at C.R Avenue just beside the Hanuman mandir. Just been one month it is opened here as told by the Owner Mr. Vikas to me. According to them it is the first Jhaalmuri store with so much of varities.

AMBIANCE AND STAFF:
 Not a very big place it is. May be 10ft by 3ft the size will be. With three plastic chairs fo sitting. They have also got a LCD tv and sound system for your entertainment. Small but yet beautiful. The place is clean but there were some improvement which were required and i was happy to direct them. Run by three people including the owner and stuff maker MR. Vikas. They were friendly and understood what i told them.

FOOD: 
So it was a surprise visit and i was not expecting to eat something but still its my love for zomato which stopped me to this place. There quite a list of items to try from Sandwiches to Maggi, to Jhaalmuri, paprichat and all. But it has to be Papri chat and Maggi as suggested by them. 

Papri chat was quite good. Filled with good amount of alu, onions and other vegetables as well as bhujia with dhaniya stuffing over it.

Maggie was ok but needs improvement in it. Thou it was later discussed by Vikas.

QNQ AND PRICES: 
Quality is fine and quanity is good. Prices are fine according to the place.

CONCLUSION: 
Just been one month for them,still to get lots of things done and  to do. I hope with their idea goes well and do best for them in future. I wish them all the best. Cheers

##

