2018-01-10 18:06:24
JayB
41249741
4.0
Awesome place to have fun with friends and family....food is too good to taste.njy authentic food with a ethnic taste at this hotel have fun and please do come to give ur taste buds  a change

##

2018-01-07 10:29:30
BeFoodieRS
31614785
5.0
Located on the 5th floor of quest mall, this place is a must visit if you are craving for some real good indian foods.
They served their festive menu as we visited this place on the new year. Tried two of their dishes.
1) Old delhi murg boti with butter roomali. This had four pieces of square shaped roomali rotis with 4 pieces of chicken served with green chutney.The chicken and the rotis were so tender and buttery and the combination of the two made our mood. This is a perfect dish to try if you are not on a strict diet.
2)Nawabi lamb biriyani. They served this in an earthen pot. Hot and tasty and the smell that came out when they removed the cover was really awesome. This had 6 pieces of lamb, tender well cooked and really tasty. Though the quantity might seem a little less for two but if you want to try a different flavour of biriyani then this is a must try.

Coming to the ambiance, it was classy, soothing, spacious and perfect for a date as well as for hanging out with friends.
Staffs and service were also very good. Overall a really good experience.

##

2018-01-03 19:51:35
Satwick Das
36256048
4.0
Wonderful ambience, food is quite good but could have been better, bar have plenty of options to go for... 
Best place if you want to have a aristrocated fooding time with your family or loved ones

##

2018-01-02 04:49:16
Mrudula Tanari
35674796
4.5
This place is just so Indian- the walls, the interiors and the amazing aroma. A view into the kitchen, and one feels home.
After a shopping spree, we went up to the BB around 10 PM to pick some food. What was initially thought of as quick smacking and rush, was suddenly altered to taking the time to relax look around, drink a bit and savour the last few minutes of new year night.

It was wonderful, the ambience. Calm, no unnecessary music, understanding waiter who pops in only when required and promptly. 

We ordered the pairings 
Coast to coast chicken with mixed seed roti
Red Kerala fish with  steam rice

And in drinks we ordered Pinacolada and Bombay Collins.

The chicken tasted homely, the fish was awesome. The pairing was just apt for one person but the Rotis will definitely fall short. We ordered an extra portion of steamed rice to complete the generous portion of curry we got.

I love the way they organised their menu. 

But I guess it is important to maintain standards throughout the experience, the washroom needs to be kept private and neat too. I was taken aback by how a fellow customer behaved continuously knocking and trying to unbolt the door, it got unbearable after she got in someone for help. Spending 2 mins in a washroom is acceptable I suppose. We expect you shall maintain your standards through out.

Picture Credits: Vasuja- thank you very much for those lovely pics

##

2018-01-01 19:25:36
Sutapa Chakravarty
1482644
5.0
Recently visited the restaurant for the second time.They have bought some changes in their decor keeping intact the soothing turquoise-white theme.But we missed the beautiful arrangement of that collection of vibrant pictures which was there at the long innermost wall.It was perfect  to reflect the varied viibrant flavour of Maharashtra especially Mumbai and the south western coastal  cuisine that Bombay Brasserie offers. Other than that change the decor of the restaurant still perfectly replicates the charm of the traditional Parsi cafeterias with the grand chandeliers hanging from high ceiling,the wooden floor and the traditional sitting arrangement with wooden chairs and tables with marble tops. They have a cute outdoor  sitting arrangement too.
We ordered Red hot Kerala fish curry with simple plain rice. The dish was presented in a traditional clay pot which was very unique.The dish contained two boneless fillets of Bhetki.Quality of fish was good.The tangy flavour of the tamarind had been so subtly balanced with the sweetness of the coconut cream that amazed us.It was unique in taste with a bursting  aroma of roasted spices like saunf and whole coriander.Though the gravy was more than sufficient for two person but considering the portion of  fish fillet I would suggest it for a single person.
We also ordered Goan Prawn.We had it in our first visit too and liked it so much.It’s a kind of prawn biriyani with a touch of coastal flavour. It is very light with loads of large succulent prawns that melt into the mouth.The aroma of roasted spices blended with the flavour of curry leaves is a treat to your olfactory and gustatory senses. It is worth to visit the restaurant few more times to try their other dishes.In the menu,the options for main course in both the vegetarian and non vegetarian section are very limited.Hopefully they will come up with some more hidden treasures from the kitchens of India in near future.

##

2017-12-30 12:29:15
Sahil Kar
8132501
4.5
I simply love this place because, it gives me the feeling that I can savor the whole of India in one place. A beautiful combination of Indian Cuisine with a hint of modern cuisine makes it the place that you would want to visit again and again.

Situated on the 5th Level of Quest Mall, very spacious, indeed a place to come with your friends and family.

Ambiance: Dimly lit and the walls have different collections from entire India. A section of the main kitchen is displayed as Live kitchen where you can see the Chef's preparing your meal, which is really satisfying to gaze. I admire the concept of one of the wall which showed different parts of India Connected through a pipeline.

Now lets come to food. The Christmas menu is on... with some fantastic delicacies and winter cocktails. Here what I ordered:

Calcutta Club Fish Fry : Quite a big piece of Bhekti served with French Fries, Mayonnaise and Salsa.

The 6 Chutney Papad Tokri : A new concept definitely. Liked the presentation.

Chakhna Tray : With all your booze you need only one of  this.

Roasted Sweet Potato:  Not really a starter but yes a good starch may be.

Anardana Chicken Drumsticks: It was marinated really well and roasted to perfection, amazing starter.

Marathi Jhinga Mirch: Shrimp lovers would love this one, its stir fried with coconut and  marathi spices.

Main Course

Kasmiri Naan Kebeb: Yes, it reminded me of Kashmir. Juicy Kebeb served with Kashmiri Naan along with pickled onions, really authentic and flavourful.

Bombay Lunch Home curry and Banana Leaf Rice: The curry was made with coconut milk and the presentation was great.

Coast to Coast Chicken with mixed Seed Roti : Chicken in Brown Gravy with south Indian  Spices, reminded me of Chicken Chettinad.

Dessert

Bombay Ice Cream Sandwich: Amazing Presentation, a true dessert.

Amritsari Kulfa : Kulfi topped with Rabdi and Faluda, again the presentation was quite appealing.

Cocktails: I tried the Christmas Jingle and the Wine Deer, one had vodka and the other was port wine, both are equally good.

They have an amazing range of cocktails and real tasty Indian Food. Go and Grab them.

Happy Eating!!

##

2017-12-30 08:12:19
Sneha Ghosh
3039042
3.0
I think the highlight of my meal was the Naga pepper wings with the Bhoot Jolakia chillies. We had the Gosht Biriyani and I found that I prefer the Biriyani at Oudh more. Overall it's a decent place. Good decor, staff are courteous. A bit overpriced, given the food they serve.

##

2017-12-29 01:24:01
Somashri Ghosh
6541621
4.5
Bombay brasserie is all about bringing India together, the theme captured my heart as it has taken bits and part of Indian culture, put on to my plate.
This is located on the 5th floor of quest mall just beside the Irish house. I went there with my friend for tasting their Christmas and December specials which was mind-blowingly pretty and delicious.
I have put on pictures of the recently launched menu for your reference, as it is so vast I will only discuss about the items I had and would recommend you all to give a try.
*6 chutney papar tokhri- Really crisp, freshly fried papars with 6 type of indian-fusion dips.
*Chakhna tray- spicy and flavorsome nibbles for your cocktails.
*Roasted sweet potato- Had a very indianised flavor and with that char grilled smokey sides, not too sweet but very full filling. This is a new and special menu for the month.
*Anardana chicken drumsticks- These were heavenly, perfect combination of spices and juicy roasted drumsticks was the show stopper for my day. This only lasts till the festive season, special menu for the month.
*Cheese chili kulchas- I loved the cheese stuffed mini kulchas which was served with aam papar paneer.
*Calcutta club fry fish- They served freshly fried bhetki fillets which was melt in the mouth, being a Bengali this was my second favorite!
*Bombay lunch home veg curry- For main course this is kind of fulfilling. They had an interesting flavor from South fusionised to match the east Indian taste buds.
*Coast to coast chicken with mixed seed roti- Now for main course do order this interesting dish, combination of health and glutton. I loved the chicken which was very spicy and again had a touch of South India.
*Kashmiri naan kebab is another good option for mutton lovers, sheekh kebab is delicious and the naan is extra long.
Would recommend Amritsari kulfa and Bombay ice cream sandwich for dessert as both of the dishes were well presented and of course taste was beyond doubt, excellent.
Cocktails served were very alcoholic and very reasonable, I loved the Christmas winedeer, dillicious and Christmas jingle. Best part was the dill smoothie most refreshing drink for the month and totally non alcoholic.
Christmas cocktails would be available only till 7 th of Jan, where as dill is the flavor of the month so drink as much as you want till these deals last.
To end with the service, we were served really well by the very professional and well mannered servers, not only us but the place seemed to make the customers really happy with a great service and gastronomic indian-fusion cuisine.

##

2017-12-27 21:40:04
Jaita Saha
6700421
4.0
We had our anniversary lunch this year in this fine dining eatery situated at Quest Mall. The ambiance is soothing and bright at the same time. Spacious with tables of while marble, which I loved. The walls are nicely decorated with food map of India. Staffs were extremely courteous and we were greeted and be seated and started our course with a mango lassi and amritsari macchi tikka. The fish was succulent and tasty, perfect smell of tandoor was coming. The starter was accompanied by a mango dip which I liked a lot. For the main course we ordered prawn biryani. They suggested ghost biryani strongly but I wanted to taste Goan cuisine and I was not disappointed. The prawn biryani had juicy medium sized prawns and was full of flavours. Next we had Rajasthani dhungar Maas with Chur Chur paratha. The paratha is simply over hyped, no better than our very own laccha paratha but the mutton was soft and perfectly cooked. We ended the course with Amritsari Kulfa, which was a pretty decent desert. The pocket pinch was high and also the service charges were extra. Also I would love if they revise the menu spread. Options are limited unless you are not visiting in large group you can not check out this place properly.

##

2017-12-22 21:24:10
Avirupa Basu
37871044
4.0
Exorbitant prices aside, this is an incredible place to dine at. Located at quest, the interiors are beautiful. The place serves traditional food with a modern "amchi mumbai" twist.

I have eaten here twice. Once I went for the preset menu and the next time, ordered fish fry, mutton biriyani and a chicken gravy.

The fish fry was amazing...fresh and crispy. The biriyani was excellent...one of the best biriyanis in town. The chicken gravy was spicy and tangy.

The dessert section is a let down. The menu doesnt have enough to choose from. But overall, its a delight to eat here.

##

2017-12-19 22:15:00
Naina Nopani
36275102
4.5
With a classy decor and ambience this place is really awesome for continental cuisine. The staff is really courteous and helpful. Always attentive and there at your beck and call. Coming to the food chur chur paratha is a must. It literally gave me craving so that i can visit this place again and again. With that gun powder potatoes , kali daal,veg biryani, lababdar paneer . Total thums up for the food and the quality they maintain.

##

2017-12-19 15:05:14
Kamalika Mukherjee
178472
5.0
Clicking the 'been here' option for this restaurant feels so great. Bombay Brasserie had been bookmarked on my Zomato since the time it opened in Calcutta, so when I finally visited the place it felt like it was completely worth the wait.

Muted interiors, gorgeous aesthetics and a wide menu - that is Bombay Brasserie for you.

This chain restaurants celebrates all the states of India hence they serve the best dishes from all over the country so dig in from Maharashtrian, Konkani, Keralian, Parsi and more cuisines that they have to offer. 

One fine afternoon, I walked into the restaurant with their recently launched 'Pauwa Specials' in mind. Also what I wasn't aware of was that they have this concept - every month highlights a specific ingredient and herb. This month their herb was 'Dill' and the ingredient was 'Anaar' or Pomegranate. As I was seated on the table, I saw this little card which had the specials of the month on display. Simply based on my hunger intuition, I decided to order their items of the month which were : Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Anardana Chicken Drumsticks. Paired these with the 'Dillicious' which was a dill based cocktail.

The roasted sweet potatoes were a revelation. I really didn't think that the humble potato could be such a game changer. The dish was 'chatpata' and full of flavours and I couldn't help but take large spoonfuls of it. On the other hand, the drumsticks - nothing beats a hungry bengali chewing on a chicken er leg right? That sight is pure bliss. The drumstick with the dip was a moment of serendipity for me. Absolute brilliance.

For starters, I ordered Panch Phoron Chicken which was juicy and absolutely delicious. The dip that came with it was a cooling agent and they were paired beautifully.

How could I miss their Pauwa Specials right? I chirped in and ordered the 'Jaipur Gulabo' and 'Pondy Rush' and let me tell you that the Jaipur Gulabo  is by far my favourite Pauwa. Has the sweetest essence of rose and is a very light drink. Can be paired with any meal here. The Pondy Rush on the other hand has a sweet essence of tropical fruits - You may want to try this as well!

For the mains, I had Salli Chicken (parsi), Rajasthani Dhungar Maas (rajasthani), Mario's Mango Prawns and Coconut Curry (konkani).

The Salli Chicken was everything I could dream of. Just the Parsi touch to it made me squeak "eh dikra!" I am a sucker for Parsi cuisine and this was no exception.

But the Rajasthani Dhungar Maas is by far the softest, juiciest, fall off the bone mutton that I have ever had. I could literally cut the mutton off with the cutlery. Albeit, it has a rich gravy but it was worth every penny, I can vouch for that. This is a MUST try here. I was simply blown away by the robust flavours and amazing texture.

What also tickled my palate for the very first time, was the subtle Mango Prawns and Coconut Curry. I all honestly, I have never tasted any coastal dished yet and this seemed like the torch bearer for the humble coastal curries. A beautiful coconut-y broth with prawns paired with some heartfelt steamed rice that was inside a banana leaf and papadam was the meal that one would be craving on a winter or summer afternoon for that perfect comfort. The broth was mild yet enchanting and I just couldn't help but stuff myself with this deliciousness on a plate. However I felt that this should been ordered before the hot and robust chicken and mutton. Nevertheless, I totally acknowledge this mild dish which can win your heart in a spoonful!

After taking a big gulp from Jaipur Gulabo, I did the obvious. Ordered Grandma's Choco Treats which is a beautiful brownie wrapped on crispy fine parantha and served with chocolate sauce and ice cream. I know what you are thinking? Trust me roti and chocolate is an amazing combination that even I wasn't aware of. This was the best ending that I could have to this gastronomic meal that afternoon.

Price for two (with alcohol) - INR 2500/- plus taxes

Happy eating, folks!

##

2017-12-19 00:30:59
Nilanjana Bagchi
32305843
5.0
Whenever it comes to fine dining Indian cuisine, Bombay Brasserie always tops my list. Located on the 5th floor at Quest Mall, this is a family restaurant with beautiful interiors. The décor is splendid with gorgeous chandeliers and bright lights.

Coming to the food, I was spellbound with the variety in the menu. Bombay Brasserie gives a unique twist to very famous Indian dishes. The items I had ordered are must haves!

| Drinks |

• Dillicious - This is part of their monthly festival. This drink was flavoured using dill leaves, crushed watermelon, cane sugar and red vodka. It had a very unique taste due to the presence of dill leaves.

• The Pauwa Cocktails - This is the best range of cocktails BB has to offer. These eclectic drinks have quirky names. I tried three of them, namely, Nagpur Santra, Pondy Rush and Jaipur Gulabo. They were served with various types of nibbles or chakna. Each of them tasted brilliant. However my favourite was Nagpur Santra!

| Starters |

• Roasted Sweet Potato - Potato cubes were tandoor roasted and dusted with a tangy spice of anardana and hot chili pepper. This had a melange of flavours and tasted amazing with the cocktails.

• Anardana Chicken Drumsticks - The chicken drumsticks were chargrilled in pahari style and was rubbed with homemade anardana spices. The chicken was juicy and tasted out of this world. It was served with a yogurt dip with tasted fantastic.

• Panchphoron Chicken - This was another roasted chicken dish which had the authentic Bengali spice blend known as "panchphoron". This too, was a delectable dish.

| Mains |

• Salli Chicken - This is a traditional Parsi dish which BB with ultimate perfection. It is a tangy chicken curry topped with potato straws. Tastes best with the flaky and crispy Chur Chur Paratha.

• Rajasthan Dhungar Maas - Red hot fiery mutton cooked in sinful gravy prepared with Mathania Jodhpur chillies. It is a prepared in a traditional brass handi and looks extremely appealing. The mutton was tender and soft, and I loved it! Best paired with Chur Paratha.

• Mario's Mango Prawns and Coconut Rice - The prawns were cooked in the traditional Goan Ambotik masala in a deep orange, spicy and tangy gravy which had the sweetness of ripe mangoes. The rice was flavoured with coconut milk and complemented the prawn curry very well.

| Dessert |

• Grandma's Choco Treat - Soft parathas stuffed with chocolate and hazelnut spread and drizzled with chocolate sauce, this dish was divine. It was served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream which enhanced the taste ten folds. Almost went bonkers over this dish and finished a whole plate on my own.

BB is one of the finest restaurants in Kolkata serving top notch Indian cuisine. If you're looking for the best, visit BB and it won't let you down. The service is super fast which is a plus point. Loved the experience!

##

2017-12-16 10:52:01
Bikram Dasgupta
443747
5.0
Great place..just because of their Menu. It is innovative and yet traditional. Amazing  collection of food across the country.. like Amritsari Kulfi to Lal Maans or South Indian delights. Quite amazing. You will never get bored with their menu.. 

We ordered for Veg Biryani, Bombay Dabba Mutton and chur chur paratha.. along with this we had quite a few Janta Bar ..a cocktail concoction of Antiquity Blue with gola / cola mix. Again quite a famous drink from THE JANTA BAR MUMBAI!! 

Dessert was ..Alphonso Rossogulla !! He he have fun guys 

We loved the food.... please visit

##

2017-12-16 02:15:55
Joy Saha
3232536
5.0
Different types of cuisine with a touch of class and appearance. Somehow it made me happy.

The colorful decor , refreshing atmosphere keeps you alive. Every item was awesome. Service is prompt. Everything is perfect. And has become one of my favourite.

##

2017-12-12 00:46:05
Palak
895390
3.5
We were a large group, service felt like they literally wanted us to eat, wrap up and leave. (No ill behaviour)  but certainly super eager to serve-clear-serve the next course.
I had a really good time as it was a special occasion and we were invited by a close relative. Food was average (only tried indian,so would only comment on that)
Place is beautiful and well done up, good ambience, the vegetarian was really good (way better than non veg)

##

2017-12-10 19:12:52
Kaushik C
229363
4.5
Had lunch there. Extremely courteous service. Innpvative decor. A Mumbai Irani type cafe with a modern twist. Had dill smoothie - ok. No flavour of dill but infused with fruits flavour . Starters-Kashmiri mutton seekh with naan, excellent with curd dip. Calcutta club fish fry good with fine mustard and pineapple and mango salsa but only 1 long piece.Also Goan prawn with mango and coconut rice- an excellent dish! Main course - mutton and chicken biryani both excellent with soft succulent meat pieces. Different from Kolkata biriyani but extremely good. Served with raita. Salli chicken , a Parsi dish which was also very good. Masala bread and fish with lemon butter gravy another tasty dish which would have tasted even better with rice but we had no space left. We were too full. So shared Amritsari Kulfa- rabdi infused kulfi ,nively presented in a bowl of smoking dry ice, a great end to a very nice meal. Quantity of main courses good enough for 2 1/2 to 3 people. Starters 1 plate can just be shared by 1 1/2 people.Overall a very nice experience.Bill 5k+

##

2017-12-09 12:05:10
Soumyadip Banerjee/the_bigfatfoodie
27343204
5.0
Location : Top floor, Quest Mall.

Decor/Ambiance : Bright lights, light coloured walls, spacious interiors lends this place a very positive vibe.

So Bombay Brasserie has launched their new menu and it's almost flawless. From the variety to the quality of the dishes and the cocktails, they've done a really amazing job! I have sampled quite a chunk of the menu over 2-3 visits and I'll list down my favourites.

Food :

*spicy pahadi mushrooms : lip smacking.

*chilli cheese kulcha : You have to try these. Small 'panipuri' sized kulchas stuffed with cheese and herbs. tastes amazing!

*Amritsari Machchi Tikka : O my O my, this kebab just melted in my mouth. This is a must try!

*Old Delhi Murg Boti with Butter Roomali : The boti kebab is served on top of the butter roomali and it soaks up all the yum juices from the kebabs and tasted heavenly.

*Rajasthani Dhungar Maas : The mutton was fork tender. The red coloured gravy was thick and creamy. I kid you not, the mutton will melt in your mouth!

*Coast-to-coast chicken with mixed seed roti : This is a coastal chicken preparation. Rich dark in colour, heavily spiced with mustard and curry leaves, this dish goes really well with mixed seed crisp roti.

*Bombay Chicken Biryani : This biryani has 'aloo' in it. Thus, full marks for that! Tastes quite different to that of Kolkata biryani but tastes amazing nevertheless!

Desserts :

\you have to try both of these desserts. Yes, they are that good!

*Amritsari Kulfi
: This is basically kulfi faluda served in a bowl. The bowl sits on top of a pot which has liquid nitrogen and the fumes from the same adds to the visual appeal!

Grandmas Choco Treat : This is a cross between a paratha and a crepe. Cripsy as a paratha and not as bland as a crepe stuffed with chocolate sauce, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. What's not to like?

Cocktails :

* Nagpuri Santra pauwa cocktail : Their range of pauwa cocktails are Amazing. And this particular one is my personal favourite.

*Memsaab's Favourite Pink Gin : This is a gin based cocktail served in a huge wine glass and tastes delicious!

I have to have to talk about the service and hospitality. Bombay Brasserie leaves no stone unturned as far as hospitality is concerned. Really impressed. If you're looking for a nice family lunch/dinner or may be a chill session with your friends over pauwa cocktails; this is the place to be. Highly reccomended.

##

2017-12-06 11:57:12
Mohit Kapoor
37136461
5.0
Bombay Brasserie is one of the Brands when it comes to food. They have redifined the different variety of  Cuisine with a touch of class and perfection .
Here in Kolkata its  Located at Quest Mall , 5th Floor.
The ambience is Beautiful , Very Rich and equally Comfortable.
Sharing my Experience of my recent visit for lunch.

Drinks -
Memsaab`s Favorite Pin Gin -
This was perfect to start with . Little sweet but the combination with Gin make it taste just Perfect,

They have an amazing and Desi way of serving cocktails, which they call it the PAUWA.
They also have very good and innovative Varieties of Pauwas.
 I went with the Nagpuri Santra which was ` oh Wow ` . 
I was amazed with the variety they have in cocktails .

Starters -Spicy Pahadi Mushroom -Delightfull. Not very Spicy and nor too less ,just the perfect amount with excellent taste . not only for
Mushroom lovers and vegans ,its a must try for all.

Chilli Cheese Kulcha -
Cheese with Kulcha , definately yes.
cheese filled kulcha Bun ,as you take a bite the cheese rolls out .  Couldnt ask for more .

Amritsari Machhi Tikka -
Tender Fish with tandoori combination. The Tikka melts into your mouth ,it was so tender .
served with sliced  onions and their own special creamy and tangy sauce .

Old Delhi Style Murg Boti with Rumali Roti -
My favorite from the the afternnon . A combination   which is to die for. 
Delhi Style Murg as in butter chicken tikka nd slices of roomali roti .
served with Onions and Dhaniya / Pudina Chutney.

Main Course-

Rajasthani Dhungar Maas - 

 Excellent . Just the type of mutton north indian dish you wish for .
Mutton was tender and was tastefull with every bite . Delicious.

Coast to Coast Chicken with mixed seed Roti -
Spicy Semi Gracy Chicken with roti covered with different varieties of Seeds .
this was new and was amazing as a first try .

Bombay Luch home veg curry with banana leaf Rice -
The Banana leaf rice tatsed soo good . the curry was little tangy which went perfectly well with the rice . served with Papad 

Bombay Chicken Biryani -
This is one of their signature dishes and had to the best.  Amazing presentation which could not be found here .The Biryani Handi is covered with thick tanddor roti which they cut open and then you smell the quality of this amazing Biryani. 
Its was a more than sufficient for two. Served with raita .

Dessert -

Amritsari Kulfa -Again the presentation , Kulfi served with Rabdi and Rose phirni . 
Amazing and Perfect .
 
Grandma`s Choco Treat -
Sugar Parantha filled with chocolate spread served with vanilla scoop.

A perfect end to an amazing afternoon with this wonderful Restaurant .
Bombay Brasserie had already greated a hype in the city after their recent launch of the Pauwa cocktails . The food is amazing , the ambience is superb and the Service is Excellent .

##

2017-12-05 15:54:42
Souvik Bhattacharya
1352528
4.0
Exquisite Indian food, interesting cocktails and classy white minimalist decor makes Bombay Brasserie stands apart. 
In starters we had Marathi Jinga Mirch, Kashmiri Naan Kebab, Rajputana Murg Soola Kebab. Jinga Mirch was blast of fiery spice compensated with crunchy peanuts and freshly grated coconut. Was an wonderful experience with such such variance of flavours on every bite. Murg Soola Kebab was so tender and moist with burst of spices to blow you away. Naan Kebab was the stupendous dish with minced mutton sheekhs over base of soft naan. To savour the actual flavour wrap the kebabs with naan and dip in creamy yogurt sauce before this melts inside your mouth. 

For cocktail lovers must try their special mix served in medicine bottle. Jaipur Gulabo, Janta Bar, Nagpuri Santra and Go Goa Gone are must tries. 

In main course, we had Bombay Chicken Biriyani, Nawabi Gosht Biriyani, Chur Chur Paratha with Rajasthani Dhungar Maas and Chicken Tikka Butter Masala. For biriyani lovers don't miss biriyanis here. If I have to pick one then Nawabi Gosht Biriyani was just yummilicious. Chur Chur Paratha was almost like normal paratha in taste, not much hype rather overrated. Chicken Tikka Butter Masala was average but Rajasthani Dhungar Maas will bombard with its fiery spice and taste. Word of caution here.

In desserts, more variety and uniqueness would have been great. But Bomaby Ice Cream Sandwich is an instant hit among all ages of connoisseur. Amritsari Kulfi was like another kulfi again better variants are available. Ras-e-Aam was a complete let down where roshogulla is topped with canned mango syrup. 

Had to wait for 15 mins to get a table for 8 on Saturday evening. Its recommended to call restaurant directly for the table reservation. Service was smooth and staff were courteous. In billing they added 10% service tax on top of 5% GST. On being challenged though it was removed but found this unethical. Price is obviously on the higher side but rest is class apart.

##

2017-12-03 16:35:04
Justanotherfoodlover
48232734
4.5
If you're going to BB to try out their Biryani, let me stop you right there. Don't. (I made the mistake). This is not to say their biryani is bad, oh no. Their Biryani is absolutely yum. But if you're a Calcuttan with an appetite for Biryani, nothing will satisfy you like a plate of Arsalan or Shiraz. Besides, BB has SO much more on their menu that you must, must have! Decor is everything Indian and I love it, the staff is always on their feet, ready to serve. Let's get right into it with the food!
1) Galawti Kebab - succulent pieces of mutton served with a mint chutney. Honestly these kebabs melt in your mouth as soon as you take the first bite! Absolutely yummy! 
2) Nawabi Ghosht Biryani - No complaints, some of the best biryani I've had but no aloo! And what's Calcutta Biryani without a big, succulent piece of aloo yaar!
3) Lasooni naan - BEST. GARLIC. NAAN. EVER. PERIOD.
4) Kaali Dal - Honestly, if you don't go to BB and order their Kali daal, your trip has been pointless. 
5) Papri Chaat - beats any street chaat I've had. Reminds you of Dehli in an instant!
6) Mughlai Paratha - filling, big, meaty pieces of paratha. No complains.
7) Chilli cheese toast - Meh. They were okay. Not the best place for CCT tho. Don't order it.
8) Nalli - Bone marrow is the big thing and BB is THE place to have it. Yum. I loved it
9) Kalla Khatta - Took me straight to Marine drive, Bombay ki yaad dila di yaar!
10) Kulfi - great end to a great meal with a great dessert
recommend 10/10

##

2017-11-22 13:35:52
Debalina Mukherjee/thathungrytraveller
2515676
4.5
This one's a porshe restaurant cum bar in Quest Mall which offers a variety of cuisine and bar menu to choose from. I was invited for a food tasting session of the new menu launch. I would like to share my experience.
They have a very innovative way of serving cocktails in Pauwa style, called Pauwa cocktails. I had Jaipur Golabo, Pondy Rush, Nagpur Santra, Janta Bar among which Nagpuri Santra which has orange and basil mixed in vodka. Jaipur Gulabo adds a rose flavour to vodka, pondy rush has vodka with a sweet and tangy taste. Ever had chat masala and green chili with cola in vodka? Janta bar is your answer. You surely cannot miss out these cocktails. They have introduced a new set of cocktails in November among which I tried Tulsitini which has a very nice flavour of basil and tulsi with vodka.
Among the food items I tried :
1. Chili cheese Kulcha - these are small round Kulcha loaded with cheese and so soft that it melts as you bite it.
2. Spicy Pahadi Mushrooms- I love mushrooms in any form and this was a win-win dish for me.
3. Naga Gosht Pepper Wings - this is the spiciest chicken wings I have ever had which will make you cry with the Naga chili. It's barbequed in the Naga chili till reddish brown and a literally spicy dish.
4. Old Delhi murg boti with butter Roomali - this is Non-veg platter from the lanes of old Delhi, included a huge Roomali roti with chunks of chicken in thick gravy.
5. Kashmiri Naan kebab- Kashmiri naan with a huge and thick mutton sheekh kebab is to die for and a must order dish at this place.
6. Agra subz sheekh kebab roti- this is a vegetarian sheekh kebab dish to compensate for the amazing Non-veg platter. The sheekh has stuffed veggies and potatoes which tastes delicious.
7. Pondicherry fish with masala bread roll- this recalls the typical Keralan dish called Meen Moilee which has a sour white gravy cooked in coconut oil with soft pieces of fish. It is served with masala bread rolls.
8. Bombay lunch home veg curry with banana leaf rice - the dish is very well presented with banana leaf rice and veg curries in carriers. Being a hardcore nonvegetarian, I did fall for this.
9. Paneer Sirka Pyaz with Chur Chur paratha- I love Chur Chur paratha and not many places make it well. This was was to die for along with chunks of planner in thick spicy gravy.
10.chatka choley kulche - Kulcha and chola come in the best combination and it didn't disappoint me.
11.Nawabi Gosht Biryani- biryani presented in such an innovative way can only be found here. It has mutton biryani served inside a kulcha where you cut open the covering to take out the biryani. One is enough for two and it's a must order dish.
No meal can end without dessert which made us order :
1. Bombay ice cream sandwich - Bombay style ice-cream sandwich presented in a fairytale like manner. It has biscuits, scoops of vanilla and chocolate ice cream, gems and wafers all placed on a wooden tray.
2. Grandma's choco treat - this is a pancake like dessert with stuffed chocolate topped with chocolate syrup. I loved this one.
This place is as sophisticated as it sounds with excellent service by the staff, the ambience is top notch, the presentation of the dishes and cocktails gets full marks. The price of the items are worth the food. You would surely not mind spending a little more on these excellent dishes. I am so glad that I was invited for the tasting session and this new menu is sure to attract everyone.
Visit soon if you haven't yet.

##

2017-11-20 15:52:46
Ishani DB
206263
4.5
The food was wow! The service good. The drinks were interesting. A simple enjoy your food only restaurant with a very interesting menu. The decor and ambience is simplistic and I rather liked it. It somehow made me enjoy my dinner much better. We loved all that we ordered. Chicken shola kebab, Calcutta fish fry (must try) and Mutton biryani. I absolutely moaned when i took the first spoonful of the Biryani. The drinks were fantastic too..quite strong I must say. All in all...too good and has become one of my favourite!

##

2017-11-20 01:12:36
Oendrila De
7051591
4.5
One of the fine dining restaurants in Kolkata to stick to the philosophy of serving true Indian food to the foodies of Kolkata is Bombay Brasserie. I have been there a number of times, for their special Canteen Lunch, and more recently, for the success party of the Bengali movie, Maacher Jhol. And now, I have another reason to be back – the new menu!
                                                                ...

##

2017-11-12 16:02:01
Subham Ghosh
2987484
5.0
Bombay Brasserie is one the best fine dining restaurants in the city. I recently visited this place and was completely charmed by the ambience, food and service. The interiors look beautiful, with a vibrant decor. What I was looking forward to was the new menu here, which left me surprised with its wonderful variety of dishes. The food and cocktails represent not only Bombay, but different regions of India and are prepared in the most authentic way !

I was pretty excited to try the Pauwa Cocktails. They are served in mini glass bottles, with a side of nibbles ( chakna ). I loved the Nagpuri Santra, where orange and basil was mixed with vodka. This is the best flavour according to my opinion. I also liked the Janta Bar, which was a whiskey-cola concoction and the Pondy Rush. Another cocktail which I loved was the Tulsitini, which is a part of the ongoing 'Sorrel Leaves' festival. This drink had vodka mixed with Martini Rosso and Tulsi extract. The flavour was unique.

| Starters |

• Chilli Cheese Kulcha - This was one of its kind where the mini kulchas were stuffed with mozzarella cheese, with a subtle hint of green chillies. What I loved about the kulchas were their texture. They were soft and stuffed completely with cheese, which melted in my mouth.

• Spicy Pahadi Mushrooms - The mushrooms were stuffed with spices and marinated in a spicy yoghurt paste. The mushrooms were juicy and tasted great with the coriander and mint sauce.

• Naga Ghost Pepper Wings - This dish is not for a faint hearted person. Undoubtedly, this was one of the best chicken wings I've ever had, but it was extremely spicy. The chicken was spiced with Naga chillies which made it that spicy. It literally brought tears to my eyes !

• Old Delhi Murg Boti with Butter Roomali - A creamy fillet of chicken was served with a crispy Roomali roti, coriander sauce and onions. The chicken was perfectly cooked and tasted great.

• Kashmiri Naan Kebab - This dish is a complete meal by itself. The Mutton Seekh Kebab was thick and huge. The Kebab was soft and melted in my mouth. It was served with a saffron brushed naan, pickled onions and 'doon chetin', a Kashmiri based creamy yoghurt dip topped with crushed almonds. The best way to enjoy this dish is to roll the seekh within the naan. Add the pickled onions, dip the roll into the creamy dip and enjoy ! This was my favourite among the starters.

| Main Course |

• Bombay Lunch Home Veg Curry and Banana Leaf Rice - I loved the way this was served. The veg curry was a wonderful mix of coastal spices and crispy rice noodles. The rice was flavoured with coconut milk and steamed in a banana leaf. The curry tasted heavenly when paired with the rice.

• Paneer Sirka Pyaz with Chur Chur Paratha - 'Sirka Pyaz' refers to vinegar soaked pearl onions. Paneer was cooked with these onions in a masala tempered with cumin and chillies. It was spicy and tasted amazing. The Chur Chur Paratha is a speciality of Bombay Brasserie. It was very crispy, flaky and went well with the paneer.

• Pondicherry Fish with Masala Bread Roll - Bhetki fillets were cooked in a lemon based gravy and served with Masala Bread. One needs to dip the bread into the gravy and enjoy ! The gravy was light and flavourful. The fish was absolutely fresh and soft.

• Nawabi Gosht Biryani - I'm going to fall short of words to describe this. This is undoubtedly the best dish in the entire menu of Bombay Brasserie. Rice and meat are steamed in authentic 'Dum-Pukht' style. The mutton pieces were boneless and spicy. The texture of the meat made me fall in love with it. The mutton was so so soft and tender. The biryani was fragrant and tasted amazing. This is definitely the best Biryani I've had in Calcutta ! I'm going to come here again and again just to try this dish.

| Desserts |

• Bombay Ice Cream Sandwich - This dessert tasted as good as it looked. A thick layer of vanilla, strawberry and chocolate ice creams were sandwiched between biscuits. Apart from this, there were wafers, chocolate sauce, gems and candies. It was a paradise platter overall !

• Grandma's Choco Treat - This was a chocolate paratha served with vanilla ice cream. The paratha was crispy and stuffed completely with molten chocolate. It tasted out of the world !

Overall, the quality of food is of top notch. The service is excellent. I loved each and every dish that I tried, from the starters to the desserts. I'll definitely come back soon to try the other dishes on the menu !

##

2017-11-10 21:47:00
Tiyasa Dey
29635744
5.0
This restaurant is one of my personal favourites.....i love their decor .....the staffs are quite helpfull and well behaved....ambience is very pleasing.....i love their biriyanis they make it in small handi's cover it full with dough and put it in dum ....their biriyani serving is very unique.....we had also tried a few starters and a few drinks.....drinks i must say are very well mixed  and with right proportion.....one must definitely visit this place in quest mall

##

2017-11-10 15:28:36
Tejas Gawande | The Glutton IITian
207193
5.0
Bombay Brasserie is such an exceptional restaurant that customers may suspect there’s something wrong with them when they walk out feeling that something was missing. There is always a sense of incompleteness, but in a good way. The food is beyond exceptional, leaving you craving for more.

My stomach is happily replete with the flavourful fare of Bombay Brasserie, and my mouth is still enjoying the lingering deliciousness. The spaciousness of the restaurant, and the decor that I fell in love with, adds to the entire experience. Yes, it is an experience. Don't go there for a rushed meal. Savour the restaurant and the food. And the simple elegance of the dishes in which the food is served.

This quaint, colourful place surrounded by an abundance of dessert options is a perfect place for an evening rendezvous. To start with, we ordered for Masala Chai and Shikanjvi. This was accompanied by chicken almond soup. Served in a tall Bombay-chai like glass, it was blissful. The cream, almond and chicken combined for a great start to the meal. Our next order was chicken kebabs and Kashmiri kebab naan. The chicken was succulent and served with green chutney, the Kashmiri kebab was soft and melt-in-your-mouth. The naan it was served on was again crunchy and well-made, served with a creamy sauce.

At the end we ordered for the ‘Amritsari Kulfa’- Kulfi and creamy rabdi on a bed of badami phirni.

Every restaurant experience relies heavily upon the service. Somnath ensured that this aspect was taken care of flawlessly. It’s been a long time since we had extraordinary Indian food, non-greasy or heavy on the tummy. Super delighted and happy, can't wait to go there again. Kudos to the entire team of Bombay Brasserie.

##

2017-11-08 00:30:24
Aanandita Datta
492257
4.0
Tried this place during my visit to Kolkata... and can’t wait to go back again. We started with some martinis... I tried the kala khatta martini which was  ok but nothing great. For starters we had the chilli cheese naan and the galouti kebab.... the chilliest cheese naan was a surprise... small kulchas.. stuffed with cheese... supper yummy! The galaouti kebab was average... given that I keep travelling to lucknow.. couldn’t help compare this with the one that u get there. For main course we ordered a fish fry which was again very tasty. We ended the meal  with the amritsari kulfi.... please do not miss this. 
Overall a great place... and a must. Visit!!!!

##

2017-11-04 23:22:29
Surabhi
7743671
3.5
Bombay Brassiere serves good quality Indian food. I had ordered a panner kebab for starter, really good, the daal and the 5 pepper paneer was also really nice. I specially loved the chur chur paratha (basically their version of a masala laccha paratha). 
However I ordered a Pan cocktail and I was awfully disappointed with it. Being open to try new things, I thought of trying the Calcutta Kick cocktail, (PS: Don’t even think of giving this drink a try). However to my utter dismay, (being a huge fan of trying Meetha Paan in fusion foods) I couldn’t drink more than a few sips as it was tasting and even smelling really weird.
This restaurant is one of my favourites when it comes to decent North Indian food. Even I feel so bad giving a negative review. 
However my advice to the restaurant, after my experience would be to taste all the items themselves before including it in their menu!
Because it’s ultimately a shame that just one item in the food menu is tainting their image.

##

2017-11-04 20:43:51
Ankit Mitra
776589
4.5
Bombay Brasserie - a pretty well known name and also a tough one to pronounce for the 1st time. 

Now the word Brasserie is a French word. It means restaurant. 

So it was in wishlist from long long back, and before I able to make a present there, they already changed their whole menu and logo also. And yes the change is towards more perfection for sure.

© Location:
_______________

It's located in the Quest mall, 5th floor. A very well decorated restaurant.

© Ambience:
_______________

I just loved the decoration there. From the outside , it will just catch your attention. With the fence and low dim decorated light, with the 3-4 tables outside for the waiting guests, it will just set the tone.
After enter you will see the hanging dim lights and a pretty well decoration. The kitchen even visible through the glasses. And it's gives you the live kitchen flavour.

© Food
__________

Well, after all the look and feel impression, let's come to the main thing, for what we were there. And trust me it's fabulous.

√ Starters:
______________

✓Marathi Jhinga Mirch : well sized prawn tossed chilly chutney , which they called " Mirch Ka teekha" and peanut. And it was just owssum. It's a totally dry item. Great one to have with drink also.

✓Kashmiri Naan Kebab : A pretty long mutton Sikh kebab comes with a big naan. Now the concept is unique. But wait, have a bite, the taste will blow your mound. Have it with the naan along. The kebab was tender and it was melting in mouth. Best Sikh kebab I have ever, till date.

√Main Courses:
___________________

✓Chur Chur Paratha:  it's cruncy, just a little spice and it's just justify the name. Superb.

✓Rajasthani Dhungar Mass: it was cooked in handi and spiced with jodhpuri red chillies. Now these word were okay, I was wondering how it will taste. Now when I have it once , I just realised how well cooked Mutton can be. It was soft, mouth watering. 6 pieces of bonless mutton. Heavenly in taste.

√ Desserts:
_____________

✓ Amritsari Kulfa : when kulfi comes with rabri on the bed of Firni and topped with faluda and rose syrup - you can not ask for more. The presentation is just superb, while the smoke of dry ice comes out, and tastes even better. Owssum.

© Drinks:
______________
They serves various kind of mocktail and cocktail. And yes those are tempting too. And the unique part is they offer Pauwa also, yes the famous Bombay local drink. If you are yet to get it listen to the song.." chikni chameli chupke akeli pauwa charake ayee"

They present the pauwa in a small bottle ( batli) and with ice fulled cutting glass. The presentation is superb.

✓ Go Goa Gone - it's one type of pauwa they offer. 
Vodka with coconut. It was okay type.

✓ Nagpuri Santra - another pauwa. As the name suggests- mix of orange and vodka. This one is superb.

✓ Calcutta Kick - it's just amazing. I mean I never thought of paan, gulkand and saunf can be mixed with vodka with that perfection. Amazing one.

✓ Fatafat - shots. And yes it's another superb one. Kahlúa, belis, whiskey comes together. 



The experience can not be described in words, each bite, each sip was amazing. We just able to taste a few items as we were 2 in count. But yes the taste still remains and pampering me like anything to visit it again.

Staffs are really good. Hospitality is just appropriate.

Now comes to the price and cost. Yes it's on bit higher side.

All the food cost 2382 INR and Drinks 1898. And it's for two heads.

And do note they charge the service charge extra and that is 10 percent. I mean the cost is high enough , you guys have GST also, there is no point of having the extra 10 percent Service charge. This is the only point I found pretty negative.

But yes, the food, quality - will be remembered. So, keep rocking team Bombay Brasserie.

And till my next food encounter, happy fooding.

##

2017-11-01 23:14:15
Rishav Kumar
33683277
4.5
One of the best North Indian restaurants in Kolkata. Tried Naga Ghost Pepper Wings and Keema Paratha and wasn't disappointed. The Chicken Tikka Butter Masala was great too. Old Town Delhi and Angoori Soda as mocktails were good too. Highly recommended!!

##

2017-11-01 11:57:04
Surbhi Kapoor
30085949
5.0
Ambience of the place is that treat your eyes well, food was good couldnt taste the drinks as went on dry day.
perfect way to attract customers towards the place.
I like the small trunk which is used for cheque purpose.
and the outer display of masala gives the place authentic look

##

2017-10-31 22:54:22
Joyeeta Mandal
1674875
4.0
One Sunday afternoon.. with too tired and hungry tummies, we decided to eat something very Indian yet innovative. So tried out this grand place on the topmost floor of quest mall.. the décor inside is simple yet elegant.. and very "bombay-ish".. which I absolutely loved.. when we reached it was almost full.. luckily they arranged a seat for us.. their service and the professional behaviour was impressive as expected!
Now the food!
For starters we ordered Naga gosht pepper wings which they said was prepared from some superhot spices from the west.. tasted really amazing. Loved the way they served it.. in a covered bamboo box to trap the aroma.. but if you are a bengali hardcore lover of spicy and "jhaal" foods.. then you might not feel the hotness of the dish anything extraordinary.
We had one caprioska and one daiquiri along with it.
Cocktails were perfectly prepared!
For main course we had Bombay chicken biryani( a speciality of the bohri community) and dabba gosht.. both together was a mindblowing combo.. rich flavours, magical aroma and cooked to absolutely perfection.
I wanted to try their Goan prawn rice as well.. but tummies didn't permit. Will try out later for sure.
Overall I totally loved the lunch and the classy ambience and their  professionalism!

##

2017-10-31 22:10:12
Priyank Singhi
2151374
5.0
Good place.. great ambience.. good food.. Mr Amit was our server and he helped us in choosing some delicious stuff.. the tanatar soup was really nice but the best was dal makhani along with mouth watering excuisite looking desserts... definitely a must have! Do visit!!!

##

2017-10-31 16:08:15
Gourab Debnath
32524888
5.0
It was an amazing experience today in Bombay brasserie, situated at 5th floor of quest mall.. We had Calcutta club fish fry, chicken soola kebab, nawabi gosht biriyani and Go goa gone.. Each and every item was awesome. The hospitality was also very good especially Amit had a very warm behavior which we really appreciated.. Must go place for all food lovers...

##

2017-10-31 14:32:29
Tanvi Mundhra
41599666
5.0
Amazing food. very nice ambiance. Must try chur chur paratha here. The service was also pretty prompt by Amit. Loved the experience of dining

##

2017-10-31 00:43:13
Shasank Kandoi
2913894
1.0
i wish i cud have rated this restro in negativity..any ways
this restro is hyly expensive for no reason..
located at quest mall on the 5th floor..there is no reason to visit this restro again.
sorry but not even thinking of suggesting this restro to any1..niether will visit again

##

2017-10-30 14:50:29
Ritobrato Kundu
30802631
5.0
This is a bit of a slow approach to what i take generally. Went for a family lunch to this newly renovated restaurant at Quest Mall

Decor

They worked really hard with the interiors and the ambaince. The transaprent kitchen and the deliberate design to give a rustic yet modern look earns full marks. the way they lined up the cities on the walls was bonus. The bar counter was well though off and the typewriter and the record player, added extra aura to the place.

Staff

The staff was well behaved and had knowledge to what they were serving. And was very eager to help us out with our orders and what would suit our tastes

Menu Card

I am adding this particular section because it really caught my attention. Its more of a book and a guide to what they server and is beautifully designed to perfection.

Food

Gun Powder Potato : We started to this signature item from their treasury, and boy we were not dissapoined. A flurry of tastes and it exploded like a gunpowder. Although i am not fond of the curry leaf flavor, but i did not mind it as well

Kashmiri Naan Kebab : It was soulful. the saffron, the naan, the kebab, everything was perfection in a plate. The flavors were spot on, and so was the presentation. It was an absolute delight

Chur Chur Paratha : This legend from the kitchen was another delight. Its another of their signature items and its more of the flaky parantha, but soft to the core as it felt amazing

Amristary Aloo Kulcha : Another of the amazing bread items from their kitchen as the butter and the aloo melted the moment you put it on your mouth. I could have these all day long

Bombay Chicken: A bliss of a biriyani, from them. I loved the way they presented the biriyani with the cover with flour at the top and the biriyani can have a review of its own. Tender juicy pieces, steaming hot. light and flavors at the right mix

Overall it was a wonderful experience at the outlet. I would really give it another visit and try out their drinks section and a few of the dishes, which i have made a mental note of.

##

2017-10-30 03:19:52
Premeasha Hopefoundeonlove
47608539
4.5
Elegance personified in each and every aspect of this restaurant. Food quality is good, service is excellent. Hygiene and cleanliness levels are satisfactory. We were very happy. Looking forward to visiting you again. Do remember us on your important dates. Mail offers at premeasha@gmail.com. Friends share your feeds too

##

2017-10-29 15:54:18
Srayani Ganguly
15566805
5.0
Good biriyani and spicy starters. Service and ambience worth it. Do try it out for prawn biriyani. And chicken wings. Presentation was great and staff couteous :)

##

2017-10-29 12:21:57
Sayanti Biswas
203330
5.0
Mutton galawati kebab was the best of the lot along with Old Delhi murg boti with butter roomali and Calcutta Club fish fry for starters. For the main course we had Nawabi gosht biryani, Sally chicken and Bombay Dabba gosht. All the preparations were just too good. For desserts we had Amritsari Kilda which was served on dry ice for decor. Loved the overall food experience

##

2017-10-27 23:59:20
Adrita Banerjee/Thatfoodsciencegraduate
31811199
5.0
Old world charm combined with amazing service and food? That's Bombay Brasserie for you. Hassle free location at the Quest Mall, Ballygunj, this place will take you through an experience to cherish forever. Widely spread, beside the Irish House, this one takes the cake for being the first of its kind in the city to serve authentic dishes from the famous canteens of aamchi Mumbai. They have an A la carte menu to choose from as well as a lovely buffet spread to indulge in.
Coming to the items ordered-
Couldn't have missed the famous Bombay Biryani, for which Rajasthani Dhungar Maas (a fiery mutton curry, not for the faint hearted!) was the perfect accompaniment.
Along with these, I ordered for an all time favourite, Chicken tikka butter masala, which was passable.
Next, came the Jalebi with rabdi which stole the show. The jalebis were deep fried and juicy inside, while the rabdi just melted in the mouth. All in all, the dessert sealed the deal.
The portion sizes were enough to make one feel satiated with their warm service being the icing on the cake.
Would love to visit again at the soonest!

##

2017-10-27 14:24:56
Tirthankar Das
16624456
4.5
The ambience is very pleasant and soothing. 
Service was pretty decent. 
Most importantly, the way of presenting their dishes was unique.
The kebabs were juicy and succulent.
The mutton in the biriyani would take you to a different world ;-)

##

2017-10-25 21:24:30
SHARMI DASGUPTA
39581885
4.0
It was a sudden visit!! Didn't know what to try!! So made random choices!! I went for Mario's mango prawn with coconut rice.. it was a Goan dish.. believe me I was not wrong at all!!! The quantity was enough for one, but taste was just awesome!!!! Next was the dessert- Ras-e-aam.. you can try it if you have a love for rasagulla & mango icecream.. good place for foodies!!

##

2017-10-24 20:53:08
Vmurarka77
1176524
4.0
Have visited this place n number of times but they never disappoint. My favourite is the chur chur paratha & the biryani is worth a mention.

##

2017-10-22 20:26:08
Soma Dey
839836
5.0
It was a pleasant surprise, one that we will repeat often, now that I have discovered this place. We had a fulfilling experience after a long day at work. It was a ladies night out. So we had ordered a Cochin Kulluki Sherbet, which was a jhatka with its hotness, a unique drink and a kallangadi quench which was a delight. We recommend both drinks. We declined starters as we were not sure we would be able to do justice to it. For mains we ordered, Mario’s Mango prawns and coconut rice, which was true to name totally Goan.. the bombay dabba gosht was delightfully tender and perfectly spiced.. and the red hot kerala fish reminded me of the home cooked fish my malayali boy friend had prepared for me.. so needless to say Bombay Brasserie delivers what they promise.. and for those who have a sweet tooth.. here lies the only draw back of this place.. it has an extensive food menu but only 5 desserts that are not very imaginative.. however, do give a try to the Ras-e-Aam for a surprising twist to our humble rosogolla and rabri.. All in all, it was a fulfilling experience and I suggest you all give the place a try..

##

2017-10-22 14:06:01
Suchi Musaddi
2485974
1.0
Very disappointed with the taste and quantity of food ordered. We ordered kali dal which had absolutely no taste and the portion was for not more than 1 or 2 people maximum. There Jaipuri kofta had no taste too and it felt as if it was older.
We were really fond of Bombay Brasserie but I don't think I have the same opinion anymore. They had they have changed the menu but how come they have reduced there quantity to half?

##

2017-10-18 23:49:03
Arun Biyani
15670409
1.5
We visited today for my Bhua's birthday, but Mr Biswajit Mondal our senior captain very extremely rude and ill behaved because it seems he was in hurry to go due to Kaali Puja.

Else the food and the rest of the staff is okay.

##

2017-10-16 19:12:01
Simran Tantia
861443
4.0
Its in quest. A place where u can have delicious north indian. Interiors are amazing as well as the ambiance. A little expensive but worth it considering taste n the famous resturaunt which is there in other cities too. 
In starters We ordered hyderabadi subz shikhampuri which was a kebab basically and was average, gunpowder potatoes which was really nice with good quantity, spicy pahadi mushrooms ehich was delicious with good quantity and the 6 chutney katori which was also amazing. In mains we had chur chur paratha which is the speciality over there, dal makhani, mix vegetable, paneer and biryani. All were amazing and biryani was really amazing. A must visit for all north indian lovers.

##

2017-10-09 22:54:06
Sharmistha Roy
46947845
5.0
Great food, great service, great ambience, made for a memorable experience! Definitely a favourite that I can keep going back to. Keep up the good work!

##

2017-10-09 15:19:15
Shruti
33500913
4.5
Bombay Brasserie is a nice place to be with your loved one. The ambience, service and food quality are impeccable. We ordered one Sailor's Spiced, one plate each of Chur Chur Partha, Nasabi Gosht Biryani and Salli chicken. Quantity of each dish was perfect.
The meat pieces in the biryani were well cooked and soft. The Chur Chur Partha was fried well, but I feel it could have been a little soft.
The decor and elaborate menu add to the gastronomic delight.

##

2017-10-03 12:38:34
Arundhati
40845618
4.5
This beautiful spacious and cool restaurant can be visited again and again for its food and ambience. The kababs are really good and biryani is excellent. Situated in Quest Mall, it is a place where you can catch up with friends and family after a shopping spree. The staff was courteous and eager to please us. 
It may not be pocket friendly but definitely worth its value. 
Sure to visit it again sometime.

##

2017-10-02 23:27:41
Arpita Hazra
38875555
4.5
The restaurant serves as a wonderfully decorated dinning room with a perfect rustic setting. The classy decor of the restaurant and candle-style chandeliers adds just the right amount of light to the relaxed, elegant atmosphere complemented by delightful cocktails. The menu book is creative and the food gives an authentic north Indian taste. 
I went there last month with my fiance. We started with Cosmopolitan and Caiprioska cocktails along with the Chakna Tray which was loaded with spicy crunchy nuts. For starters we had Calcutta Club Fish fry served with Kashondi and mango pickle. We also had the Galouti Kebabs, perfectly minced meat kebabs made in Nawabi-style which were served with round small 'ulte tawa ka parantha'. 
Overall, the food was nice and the ambience is lovely. The place is a bit high on your pockets however, its just a perfect place for a family get together or for a cozy dinner with your loved one. :)

##

2017-10-02 10:42:34
Ankita Das
33442447
4.0
Decoration and ambience is just perfect... food is good.. we ordered galoti kabebs , ghost biriyani, butter naan, and ond chicken item. and a desert ... all food were realy good.

##

2017-10-09 22:54:06
Sharmistha Roy
46947845
5.0
Great food, great service, great ambience, made for a memorable experience! Definitely a favourite that I can keep going back to. Keep up the good work!

##

2017-10-09 15:19:15
Shruti
33500913
4.5
Bombay Brasserie is a nice place to be with your loved one. The ambience, service and food quality are impeccable. We ordered one Sailor's Spiced, one plate each of Chur Chur Partha, Nasabi Gosht Biryani and Salli chicken. Quantity of each dish was perfect.
The meat pieces in the biryani were well cooked and soft. The Chur Chur Partha was fried well, but I feel it could have been a little soft.
The decor and elaborate menu add to the gastronomic delight.

##

2017-10-03 12:38:34
Arundhati
40845618
4.5
This beautiful spacious and cool restaurant can be visited again and again for its food and ambience. The kababs are really good and biryani is excellent. Situated in Quest Mall, it is a place where you can catch up with friends and family after a shopping spree. The staff was courteous and eager to please us. 
It may not be pocket friendly but definitely worth its value. 
Sure to visit it again sometime.

##

2017-10-02 23:27:41
Arpita Hazra
38875555
4.5
The restaurant serves as a wonderfully decorated dinning room with a perfect rustic setting. The classy decor of the restaurant and candle-style chandeliers adds just the right amount of light to the relaxed, elegant atmosphere complemented by delightful cocktails. The menu book is creative and the food gives an authentic north Indian taste. 
I went there last month with my fiance. We started with Cosmopolitan and Caiprioska cocktails along with the Chakna Tray which was loaded with spicy crunchy nuts. For starters we had Calcutta Club Fish fry served with Kashondi and mango pickle. We also had the Galouti Kebabs, perfectly minced meat kebabs made in Nawabi-style which were served with round small 'ulte tawa ka parantha'. 
Overall, the food was nice and the ambience is lovely. The place is a bit high on your pockets however, its just a perfect place for a family get together or for a cozy dinner with your loved one. :)

##

2017-10-02 10:42:34
Ankita Das
33442447
4.0
Decoration and ambience is just perfect... food is good.. we ordered galoti kabebs , ghost biriyani, butter naan, and ond chicken item. and a desert ... all food were realy good.

##

2017-10-01 23:38:21
Alisha Naskar
38303545
5.0
Amazing place . Ambience is quite good . Food is amazing . A bit expensie but worth the price . Nice place to dine with family . The fish dishes out there is quite amazing .

##

2017-10-01 23:10:42
Aparna Bose
38572556
3.5
Visited this place few days back and the experience was very disappointing. Well, had to wait for the food for a very long time and then what was served was heartbreaking. There was very limited options for the starters. Tried the Rajputana Murg Soola Kebab which tasted ok but the other starters,i.e, the Galawati Kebab and the Andhra Chicken was not good. Their quantity is very less...The biriyani was full of fried onion and the taste was not worth paying.
Overall the experience was not satisfying. The price of the food is not worth paying according to the taste. The quantity was not enough for four people.

##

2017-10-01 11:17:00
Antara Ghosh
42308496
5.0
Mahaastami's lunch was exposing myself...😍the resturant is situated at the corner of 5th floor of quest mall..it has a great ambience with a good service..in starter we had calcutta club fish fry which was delicious..we had also tried rajputana murgh sula kabab which was the best kabab ever from my point of view..for drinks we ordered pinacolada and daiquiri..the two cocktails were awesome..both taste was like amazing..in main course we had nawabi ghost biriyani..trust me this is the best biriyani i have ever ate..from that day this resturant is become my favourite biriyani resturant..we tried amritsari kulfi in desert which was also tasty..i would like to visit the place again and again..😀😀

##

2017-10-01 00:04:25
Haimanti P.Chowdhury
1218856
4.0
Mahasaptami dinner was like exposing myself to the entire charisma and goodness of North India blossoming at the corner of 5th floor Quest Mall, courtesy Bombay Brassarie. The place is all prettied up with minimalistic chandeliers on the top, a see through kitchen surrounded by the green, the fun Patiala Bar and a dedicated seating area with Sofas at one end. Their Pahua cocktails were something I wanted to try for sure so we went for Jaipur Gulabo, Go Goa Gone and Nagpuri Santra from the bar menu and Jaipur Gulabo is a clear winner in this genre. Good work with hitting the flavours right. Another drink worth mentioning was the Kalangadi Quench, desi cocktail with Melon & Lime goodness, a total refresher. Preethi Murthy's masala Cola was your plain streetstyle masala thumbs up in a fancy BB glass. They were out of Gunpowder Potatoes and Calcutta Club fish fries both being the famous signature dishes, so we went ahead with the Amritsari Macchi Tikka, Galwoti Kebab and Chicken Panchforon, the last one suggested by them. The fish tikka was amazing, marinated fish cubes grilled to perfection wrapped in just the right amount of authentic spieces. The Galwoti was okay, as I have had way way better jaw dropping minced galwoti kebabs before. Chicken Panchforan was decent too, chicken tengri kebabs specially tossed with the Bengali Panchforan for an authentic taste. Delicious, not overwhelming. In the mains Bombay Gosht Dabba was the best thing they offered, melting boneless mutton pieces in a onion thick gravy, with a fried egg on top, this dish is infact brilliant. I didn't quite like the Salli Chicken, the gravy had a very strong and thick Tomato flavour to it. We accompanied the sides with a BB Mutton biriyani and their famous Chur Chur Paratha. I expected the Paratha to be more of a stuffing specialised paratha but it was a regular Laccha Paratha, crispier to make the name worth. The Biriyani was okay, the Mutton in it was heavenly. We ended the meal with their famous Amritsari Kulfa, which was one sinfully delicious thing on our palate, rich kesar kulfi on a bed of rabri and buttery firni with a dash of molecular gastronomy. The service is fine. The staff here certainly doesn't belong to the fun or warmer lot I have had the opportunity to experience in some of the places in the city, but does their job efficiently. Bombay Brassarie was a good experience, if not an extraordinary one.

##

2017-09-30 19:15:20
Abhishek Datta
38534389
5.0
Bombay Brasserie provided us a fine dining experience. 
The decor is stunningly beautiful and the place is very spacious. The sitting arrangements are also very comfortable.

The staffs there are very polite and courteous.

First comes the bar...they serve some amazing cocktails with interesting names and they taste equally good. 
We had SOUTHERN EXPRESS and FAUJI PARTY SPECIAL. The Southern Express is more like the LIIT. To our surprise the Southern Express was served in a cute little bucket. But the real surprise was the Fauji Party Special it was an amazing concoction of dark rum and pineapple juice, served with masala peanut chaat.We were more than satisfied with both the cocktails.

Now comes the food part. 
We ordered ANDHRA CHICKEN and AMRITSARI MACHCHI TIKKA for starters. Both of them were finger licking good. The Andhra chicken had a nice aroma of the masalas which were used. The fish melted inside the mouth like a cotton candy, it was simply awesome. We had a hard time in deciding the winner.
For main course we had BOMBAY CHICKEN BIRYANI. The biryani had more than 4 pieces of boneless chicken with a potato and it tasted delicious.
The waiting time was adequate and the staffs were very helpful.
Planning to revisit BOMBAY BRASSIRIE soon again.

##

2017-10-01 23:38:21
Alisha Naskar
38303545
5.0
Amazing place . Ambience is quite good . Food is amazing . A bit expensie but worth the price . Nice place to dine with family . The fish dishes out there is quite amazing .

##

2017-10-01 23:10:42
Aparna Bose
38572556
3.5
Visited this place few days back and the experience was very disappointing. Well, had to wait for the food for a very long time and then what was served was heartbreaking. There was very limited options for the starters. Tried the Rajputana Murg Soola Kebab which tasted ok but the other starters,i.e, the Galawati Kebab and the Andhra Chicken was not good. Their quantity is very less...The biriyani was full of fried onion and the taste was not worth paying.
Overall the experience was not satisfying. The price of the food is not worth paying according to the taste. The quantity was not enough for four people.

##

2017-10-01 11:17:00
Antara Ghosh
42308496
5.0
Mahaastami's lunch was exposing myself...😍the resturant is situated at the corner of 5th floor of quest mall..it has a great ambience with a good service..in starter we had calcutta club fish fry which was delicious..we had also tried rajputana murgh sula kabab which was the best kabab ever from my point of view..for drinks we ordered pinacolada and daiquiri..the two cocktails were awesome..both taste was like amazing..in main course we had nawabi ghost biriyani..trust me this is the best biriyani i have ever ate..from that day this resturant is become my favourite biriyani resturant..we tried amritsari kulfi in desert which was also tasty..i would like to visit the place again and again..😀😀

##

2017-10-01 00:04:25
Haimanti P.Chowdhury
1218856
4.0
Mahasaptami dinner was like exposing myself to the entire charisma and goodness of North India blossoming at the corner of 5th floor Quest Mall, courtesy Bombay Brassarie. The place is all prettied up with minimalistic chandeliers on the top, a see through kitchen surrounded by the green, the fun Patiala Bar and a dedicated seating area with Sofas at one end. Their Pahua cocktails were something I wanted to try for sure so we went for Jaipur Gulabo, Go Goa Gone and Nagpuri Santra from the bar menu and Jaipur Gulabo is a clear winner in this genre. Good work with hitting the flavours right. Another drink worth mentioning was the Kalangadi Quench, desi cocktail with Melon & Lime goodness, a total refresher. Preethi Murthy's masala Cola was your plain streetstyle masala thumbs up in a fancy BB glass. They were out of Gunpowder Potatoes and Calcutta Club fish fries both being the famous signature dishes, so we went ahead with the Amritsari Macchi Tikka, Galwoti Kebab and Chicken Panchforon, the last one suggested by them. The fish tikka was amazing, marinated fish cubes grilled to perfection wrapped in just the right amount of authentic spieces. The Galwoti was okay, as I have had way way better jaw dropping minced galwoti kebabs before. Chicken Panchforan was decent too, chicken tengri kebabs specially tossed with the Bengali Panchforan for an authentic taste. Delicious, not overwhelming. In the mains Bombay Gosht Dabba was the best thing they offered, melting boneless mutton pieces in a onion thick gravy, with a fried egg on top, this dish is infact brilliant. I didn't quite like the Salli Chicken, the gravy had a very strong and thick Tomato flavour to it. We accompanied the sides with a BB Mutton biriyani and their famous Chur Chur Paratha. I expected the Paratha to be more of a stuffing specialised paratha but it was a regular Laccha Paratha, crispier to make the name worth. The Biriyani was okay, the Mutton in it was heavenly. We ended the meal with their famous Amritsari Kulfa, which was one sinfully delicious thing on our palate, rich kesar kulfi on a bed of rabri and buttery firni with a dash of molecular gastronomy. The service is fine. The staff here certainly doesn't belong to the fun or warmer lot I have had the opportunity to experience in some of the places in the city, but does their job efficiently. Bombay Brassarie was a good experience, if not an extraordinary one.

##

2017-09-30 19:15:20
Abhishek Datta
38534389
5.0
Bombay Brasserie provided us a fine dining experience. 
The decor is stunningly beautiful and the place is very spacious. The sitting arrangements are also very comfortable.

The staffs there are very polite and courteous.

First comes the bar...they serve some amazing cocktails with interesting names and they taste equally good. 
We had SOUTHERN EXPRESS and FAUJI PARTY SPECIAL. The Southern Express is more like the LIIT. To our surprise the Southern Express was served in a cute little bucket. But the real surprise was the Fauji Party Special it was an amazing concoction of dark rum and pineapple juice, served with masala peanut chaat.We were more than satisfied with both the cocktails.

Now comes the food part. 
We ordered ANDHRA CHICKEN and AMRITSARI MACHCHI TIKKA for starters. Both of them were finger licking good. The Andhra chicken had a nice aroma of the masalas which were used. The fish melted inside the mouth like a cotton candy, it was simply awesome. We had a hard time in deciding the winner.
For main course we had BOMBAY CHICKEN BIRYANI. The biryani had more than 4 pieces of boneless chicken with a potato and it tasted delicious.
The waiting time was adequate and the staffs were very helpful.
Planning to revisit BOMBAY BRASSIRIE soon again.

##

2017-09-28 15:45:41
Atri Nayak
34996058
4.5
In spite of being a regular at Quest Mall, somehow I had never eaten at Bombay Brasserie. And I curse myself for that. It was really a "wow" experience. Often in the name of fusion or reinvention and deconstruction, the soul of the original dish is lost. But not here. All the dishes we ordered had their flavours intact with an uplifting presentation. Can't wait to come back again.

##

2017-09-26 01:58:39
Khushbu Jaiswal
41569682
4.5
Bombay Brasserie is located on the fifth floor of Quest mall besides Irish house.

Bombay Brasserie is a tryst between classic and contemporary. It's specialty restaurant that serves authentic North Indian cuisine, which is known for its spicy indulgence and the rich aroma. The various ingredients and a thick gravy preparation instantly give a soul-satisfying taste to the diners. The decor of the casual-dining restaurant shows a glimpse of the rich culture of the country. The vibrant interiors and low-level lighting set a sophisticated and relaxed dining experience for fashionable diners.
The menu has been designed with utmost care to make sure that the flavor and spirit of the traditional Indian cooking come in every dish they serve and also features an extensive bar menu. A dining experience here, promises drama, authenticity & innovation.
The staffs are courteous and humble.

The price is higher scale but given to me fact It's a fine dining restaurant and the quality & taste they serve, the can be overlooked upon.

Ambiance - 4/5
Taste - 4.5/5
Presentation - 5/5
Hospitality - 4/5
Quality - 5/5
Quantity - 4/5
VF 💰 - 4/5

Highly recommend.
I would love to visit again.

##

2017-09-24 21:23:54
Monalisa Saha
34242003
4.5
We went here yesterday night to have dinner.
Ambience is very beautifully decked up with soothing lights.
They have a wide variety of chaats(available only in morning),cocktails and delicacies from different parts of India.
We asked the staffs for suggestions since we were a bit confused.
We had Kashmiri naan kebaba and Mario's Mango Prawn Malabar curry.

The Kashmirir naan had the best kind of mutton seekh we ever had with absolutely soft naan which melts inside mouth.Comes with a tasty yougurt dip.

Also,the prawn Malabar curry is a must have.6-7 pieces of prawn in a lipsmacking curry comes with coconut rice wrapped in banana leaf.I loved this item of theirs.

We had Pina Colada cocktail with rum.Pina Colada is my favourite kind of mocktail and the cocktail version  was equally amazing.

Staffs are friendly and service is prompt.
They levy 10% service tax apart from GST.
Pocket pinch for two-1.6k
Though food pricings are on the higher side but we will highly recommend this amazing place.
We will surely visit here again.

##

2017-09-24 17:04:15
Aakash Luharuka
524619
4.5
Went there for dinner with a close friend.  As soon as you enter the place the vibes are very good.  A cast iron juicer and typewriter at the entrance add to the theme.  Colours inside are very vibrant,  a fresh change from industrial theme like all other restaurants nowadays.  We ordered for a Janta Bar,  and a Jaipur Gulabo. The Janta bar had a very different taste,  the chat masala was not overpowered and it's a cocktail which actually tastes good.  The Gulabo as the name suggests was pink and the main flavour was rose vodka.  Both the cocktails were expertly made and deserve 5/5. Coming to the food we ordered spicy pahadi mushrooms, chur chur parathas and rumali Roti along with their signature Paneer sirka Pyaaz. It was a red tomato gravy based tangy paneer and was pleasing to the taste buds. The mushrooms were the best of the lot, soft juicy and big in size. The rumali rotis were soft and perfect. I expected a lot more from the chur chur paratha though. Overall a very nice experience.

##

2017-09-23 23:42:56
Sourav Ghosh
35092747
3.5
Bombay Brasserie had been on my bucket list for some time. So we raided this place for dinner on a Saturday night. They have a nice selection of dishes, curated from all over India. We chose Marathi Jhinga Mirchi, Keema Aloo Pai, Mario's Mango Prawn Curry, Tandoori roti &  Salli Chicken. Jhinga Mirchi was good. Keema Pai &  Mango Prawn were very good. But the Salli Chicken fell short of our expectations. Roti was unremarkable. Overall, food was good: but they really need to improve the portion sizes.

##

2017-09-23 15:37:59
Manish Tekriwal
7447
5.0
Everytime I go to this place, fall in love more and more with their taste.. Excellent food preparations with nice ambience.. Its usually filled, so better to book your table before visiting...

##

2017-09-21 21:57:09
Sushil Choudhary
39066235
1.5
Not as per expectations, Irish village was next to BB however I chose to try different flavours of India. Ordered Andhra chicken but it was not available waiter was suggesting all the regular normal dishes. But I asked for naga chilli chicken expecting a very spicy experience but when I had the first bite there was no chilly which I was expecting. After asking waiter about missing chilli he said "we tried but couldn't get the chilli in market" if he knew that then he should have informed same during order but he didn't. Later he did ask if I want to replace that item with anything else but I denied. Still sitting n trying other stuff. Let's see what's next

##

2017-09-17 21:40:27
Debjani Ghosh
33100512
4.0
It's a beautiful restaurant with charming interiors and a soothing ambience. We had ordered murg boti with butter roomali and calcutta club fish fry. Both the dishes were delicious. Not a single morsel was left on our plates. However,  the only downside is that it's wayyyyyyy expensive and food quantity is small. This should definitely be rectified.

##

2017-09-17 21:18:32
Raiesa Malek
46149444
5.0
undoubtedly the indian was fab! the chicken was well cooked with perfect flavours the naan was soft and superb. it was my first vist but im sure its not gona be the last. ambience was good so where the staff. perfect dinner place to go to.

##

2017-09-14 17:52:40
Avijit Biswas
1095896
4.5
"Bombay Brasserie" Relaunched it's new logo n menu in Kolkata a months back... The decor n ambience doesn't changed at all... So as the food... They introduce some twisted n refreshing cocktails as "pauwas"...yes you hear it right... Mumbai famous pauwas are now available in Kolkata... Along with  some lip smacking n yummy starters, main course  and desserts... The list was long of which my recommendations are... "Aam Papad Paneer", "Gunpowder Potatoes", "Andhra Chicken", "Marathi jhingha Mirchi", "Calcutta club fish fry", "Amritsari kulfi" & "Bombay ice cream sandwich"...All the pauwas are just awesome...  And the service was bang on...  Staffs are extremely courteous... I'm honoured on getting the invitation from Macaroni Media Co. But surely visit them soon again... Because  Bombay  Brasserie in any form is love to me...

##

2017-09-11 14:40:42
Shasank Jalan
1562383
1.0
Visited this place for the first time yesterday after listening to rave reviews from everyone. To say the least was utterly dissapointed.
Food was below average. Service was pathetic. In a group of 13 people, there is hardly any one to serve. When asked for water it came after half hour. Menu of mocktail was given after asking 4 times. There literally wasn't anyone incharge or manning the table at all. For the biryani one had to ask for a waiter to come to the table to take the order for 10 minutes and still they weren't responding. 

My first visit is definitely the last visit.

##

2017-09-10 22:53:30
Gaurav Poddar
30933106
2.0
The food is not up to the mark. However the worst part is the service. They are inadequately staffed for weekends. Nobody to attend. Too busy to serve almost to the extent of being arrogant. Avoid going on your special occasions.

##

2017-09-09 23:35:25
Sourav Choudhary
831760
4.5
Today was my first time at this restaurant. The ambience has a very nostalgic feel to it. The place is neat and very open. The music is great and really goes with the whole mood. 

Our host Mr. Koushik was a great and despite being busy serving others took out time to recommend us the best in the menu which we thoroughly enjoyed. The quality that you get for the price is excellent. I would like to request the management if they could explore the possibility of increasing the quantity per dish. Some signature dishes perhaps? ;) 

Over all, I am very happy with the service. I had gone along with my wife and my brother. And they totally loved the experience. 

You all just made our weekend a tastier one. 

We shall be back again for more! Till then cheerio! 


SC

##

2017-09-09 00:21:19
Devpurna Talapatra
507308
4.5
Bombay Brasserie has revamped and relaunched itself in a sparkly new avatar in Kolkata last month, with an all new menu featuring unique ingredients from across the country, and we are certainly not complaining! Be it Aam Papad from Amritsar, or Kudampuli from Kerala and Malwani Masala from the Konkan region, each has been given expression in this new menu at Bombay Brasserie at the Quest Mall.

At the relaunch party of Bombay Brasserie, Kolkata, I tasted quite a few of their kitschy ‘Pauwa Cocktails’, which are 180 ml of concoctions, in quarter bottles. With catchy names and bright colours, these were an instant hit with most of the guests. I particularly liked the Go Goa Gone (Coconut-Vodka), the Janta Bar (Whiskey-Cola) and also the Nagpuri Santra (Orange-Basil-Vodka).

Of the food, the Calcutta Club Fish Fry was a joy to eat in the monsoon evening in between the sips on my cocktails, and so was the Chilli Cheese Kulcha. The meal at Bombay Brasserie was in fact a whirlwind tour of the country in my mouth and a real celebration of the desi food, albeit with a pleasant twist.

😀
                                          ...

##

2017-09-04 01:08:46
Somnath Sengupta
2531964
3.5
Bombay brasserie located on the 5th floor of quest mall just beside the Irish House .
It is a no-nonsense quintessential indian resturant trying to get flavours of different part of india with unique names and flavours.
We went for lunch and found the deccor and environment not to be very tacky ,just simple and sober with a feel of cantene style seating and sofas are thrown in with circular tables .
Coming to the food we tried calcutta club fish fry and old delhi murgi boti with butter roomali . The fish fry was good nicely cooked and tender and good thing is it comes with chips . Murg boti with butter roomali was full of indian masala and flavour ,chicken was great to taste and with butter roomali it become a complete dish . It was good and very tasty . They were having some unique cocktails out of which we took Go Goa Gone which was a vodka based coconut water cocktail ,was not great but not bad either . You can try some other cocktail flavour available as well .
Dessert RAS-E-AAM was very unique and delicious.Comes in a bowl with ice vapour making it a unique presentation and rosogolla with rabdi and aamras can't go bad . It was great for your sweet tooth .
Service was quick and good .All in all a good chance of indian food in an area dominated by other chinese,italian resturant . BB is good for your tastebud .

##

2017-09-02 21:53:09
Farhana Afreen
16104955
4.5
I recently visited BB for their menu relaunch party and was beyond impressed by their ambience, decor and food.
BB specializes in incorporating the element of fine dining with local Indian cuisines from every corner of the country.

The bright lights, loud music and soothing decor makes for an unforgettable experience.

From Desi style cocktails served in 'pauwa' bottles to refreshing mocktails, from coastal curries to Lucknowi galawtis BB offers you with a chance to rediscover India in their own unique style.

I was particularly smitten by Mario's mango prawns with coconut rice infused with authentic Goan flavors and the Calcutta club fish fry, a recreation of the British fish fry with Bengali style kasundi.

With other additions such as the Amritsari fish tikka to the kashmiri naan kebab BB has brought the whole of India under a menu card.

And the desserts!
They offer a variety of desserts to choose from starting from Amritsari kulfi to Bombay ice cream sandwich.

Food: 4.4/5
Ambience: 4.5/5
Service: 4/5

##

2017-09-02 13:28:47
Saurabh Rana
109049
4.0
Bombay Brasserie - Great ambiance with decent food. 
=====
Location + Intro:
Bombay Brasserie is located at 5th Floor Quest Mall beside The Irish House. 

The first experience at the canteen menu was quite an average one. However, when i had the food from the new menu card, it was great. 

I had been to Bombay brasserie as a media launch for their new menu card. A lot of food and fashion bloggers were invited out here for the launch. The ambiance of the place is ravishing. The hospitality is also quite decent. 
=====
What i tried here: 
• Angoori Soda - It was decent to taste and presented nicely. 
• Galawti Kebab - The galawti was soft but not the best. However, tasted great.
• Amritsari Macchi Tikka - The macchi tikka was succulent. One of the best from Bombay Brasserie. 
• Calcutta Club Fish Fry - The Fish fry again was great. It was served with fries and the fish was properly marinated and tasted amazing. 
• Mario's Mango Prawn & Coconut Rice - I tried the gravy of the prawn and coconut rice. If you are a prawn lover, don't give it a miss. It tastes super good with coconut rice. 
• Bombay Ice Cream Sandwich - This was good to look at and great to taste. 
=====
Pros:

• Great seating capacity.
• Decent hospitality.
• Good ambiance.
• Great variety to choose from.
• Good food presentation.

Cons:
• Expensive.
• Some of the dishes needs a lot of improvement. 
=====
Summary: 

Quality 4/5
Taste 4.1/5
Quantity 4/5
Presentation 3.9/5
Hospitality 3.9/5
Ambiance 4/5
=====
Disclaimer: 1) Unbiased review based on my eating experience.
2) I had been invited by the Management for Media Launch Party.

##

2017-08-31 12:37:47
Vaibhav Jain (The Suavy Glutton)
2009368
4.5
Bombay Brasserie, the fine dine restaurant on the 5th floor of Quest Mall, revamped & launched their new Menu and invited the bloggers of Kolkata for the launch party. The new menu offers loads of sumptuous options for food and innovative cocktails.

They have introduced a new line of “Pauwa” cocktails. The Pauwa is very famous throughout Maharashtra as local alcohol and has iconic mentions in Bollywood movies as well. There are a total of 7 variants available at Bombay Brasserie. These were the standout options for the evening. The pocket pinch is Rs.450-plus, per pauwa.

The delectable food items like Aam Papad Paneer, Gunpowder Potato, Parda Subz Biryani and desserts like Bombay Ice Cream Sandwich will leave you craving for more.
                                                                ...

##

2017-08-28 14:18:09
Dr.saptarshib
29514586
4.0
One of the best biriyani in the city(that is If you are willing to pay the price)..The chicken boti was delicious as well.
Only negative aspect was the temperature was too cold.There was a draft of air and it was making us uncomfortable.Don't know if it was an aberration or that's the way!
Good experience overall..!!

##

2017-08-27 09:49:19
Rishika Sen
361563
4.5
We had ordered old Delhi murg boti with butter roomali. The chicken was so tender. The roomalis we're cut into pieces of four for easy consumption. The pickled onions was excellent. Would love to try other stuffs

##

2017-08-26 16:27:53
Rahul Thadani
15755109
5.0
The best place in kolkata to go. Great food, great service. Yes it is little expensive but the food makes it worthy to be there. Will visit again and again.

##

2017-08-25 17:30:06
Rishi Jain
4464111
4.0
> Food - 4 |
> Service - 4.5 |
> Ambience - 4.5 |

After a tiring day of field work, a couple of colleagues ended up at this chic place in Quest mall. 

Food - 
Amritsari Aam Papad Paneer - The khattha meetha taste along with spices, heavenly soft Paneer and crunchy Lotus stem made for a truly delicious appetizer. This is a must try!!! 


6 Papad Tokri - Urad, Sabudana and Aloo papads served with multiple chutneys are great munchies and stir up your appetite. Do have the individual chutneys also to enjoy the different variations. 

For the main course we had Jaipur Kofta, Chur-chur Paratha, Tandoori Roti and these were all great. However, the wow factor was missing in these which left me wanting for more. 

But basis the menu, this seems more like a place to try all the starters and head to the main course if truly hungry.

##

2017-08-25 17:28:13
The Bong Connoisseur
20312695
3.5
Quite a chilling atmosphere. Amicable staffs, BUT a little courteous would be mighty fine.

MUST try-
Jaipur KOFTA
BOMBAY GOSHT
Biryani.

The Biryani is extremely well presented and cooked. A snooty Bengali like me wouldn't go gaga for it if it was not good, so you better go for it.
Pocket Pinch- EXXXXPensive. I always wondered why do they add "Service Tax" after GST shots? Help me out on comment section, if you know.

##

2017-08-25 09:11:46
Debajyoti (www.foodiedada.com)
1855976
4.5
Bombay Brasserie Relaunch!

For me, food is more than what it seems to be. The culture which is behind that food that helps us to trace back the origin of that dish constantly keeps intriguing me! So, if you know the social background or the culture lying behind a food, you can really go under the skin of a cuisine in no time. Cuisines are always particular to a region or to a place from where it originates, and that in turns traverses across the geographies. The local blend of cooking techniques, preferences, climatic conditions, regional spices, etc that creates a cuisine! And the restaurants that expertise in any particular cuisine are always my favorite ones, I really try to avoid those ‘jack of all trades’ multi cuisine restaurants on any given day. And that is the reason I absolutely love restaurants like Bombay Brasserie! Recently Bombay Brasserie went through a makeover, where almost everything – starting from logo to food/beverages menu, got changed. And in fact it got better, according to me. It somehow exudes more warmth, class and quality after this recent makeover. Now with a brand new menu featuring some of the country’s best and most unique ingredients, and an all new cocktails menu, Bombay Brasserie is ready to take you on a new culinary journey across India.
                                          ...

##

2017-08-24 23:23:58
Kolkata Epicurean
9516701
4.5
Location-Quest mall,Kolkata.

Recently Bombay Brasserie was re-launched with all new interiors,logo and a host of new food items.It is a fine-dining restaurant that serves classic Indian dishes with modern twist and presentation.New interiors comprising of caged chandeliors,appease seating and masala counter display will leave you awestruck.They also have an visible glass kitchen which is neatly arranged and is a pleasure to watch.Now coming to food we had their newly introduced "pauwa" and array of items such as-

1:Chilli Cheese Kulcha
2:Gunpowder Potato
3:Aam Papad Paneer
4:Chole Kulche
5:Parda Subz Biryani
6:Amritsari Kulfi

Among them the best was their "Chilli Cheese Kulcha" and "Chole Kulche".

Food-4.5/5
Ambiance-5/5

😊😊

##

2017-08-24 19:53:21
Rahul Singha
37254757
5.0
Bombay Brasserie launches in a brand new avatar & logo with new exciting food and drinks, located at the 5th floor of Quest Mall, Ballygunge.

With an impressive interior & decor and a sophisticated ambience, this place would have facilities of casual dining and bar.

Rediscover India through a culinary journey at Bombay Brasserie. Bombay Brasserie focuses on flavours that have never been tried before, twisting old school recipes to suit today’s tastes. They have brought much loved new offer to Kolkata’s doors to give a new and renewed experience that everyone in Kolkata would love. They use regionally-sourced ingredients, like Aam Papad from Amritsar, Kudampuli from Kerala and Malwani masala from the Konkan belt. From the small plates menu, the Marathi Jhinga Mirch made with Thecha, Naga Ghost Pepper Wings, tangy wings dusted with Bhoot Jolokia or the flavourful Kashmiri Naan Kebab are a few favourites that are reinvented while retaining their authentic soul.  Similarly, the “High Chai” Menu isn’t just a cup of tea at Bombay Brasserie, with the menu offering favourites such as Chowpatty Special Bhel, Rasta Masala Toasty and Irani Kheema Maska Pao, paired with the perfect selection of desi cocktails, beers and indigenous Indian teas from across India (such as the Kashmiri Bloom, a fruity and refreshing blend of black tea, spirited with notes of apple, figs and lemon).  

The bar at Bombay Brasserie - the Patiala Bar - is another highlight. Old favourites from across cultures and countries comfortably sit alongside refreshing new brews. Bright ingredients mixed to present classics with a twist, or pair elements that make for an altogether new journey.   With an interesting bar menu that brings together homemade liquor infusions in Desi Cocktails like Southern Express & Fauji Party Special to Desi Mocktails like Juhu Beach Gola and Not-so-Saada; which are all about seasonality, taking full advantage of the wide range of ingredients that pop up across India through the year.    Bombay Brasserie also introduces killer Pauwa Cocktails, 180 ml of desi concoctions, served up in Pauwa, or quarter bottle. Paired with the right Chakhna; crunchy, tasty bar snacks, specials like Janta Bar – Masala Maar Ke & Kollywood Pop, or some of Bombay Brasserie’s upcoming limited edition cocktails, will definitely make you crave for more. Other cocktails includes Go Goa Gone coconut vodka, Jaipur Gulabo vodka, Shimla Rum Do, Pondy Rush vodka etc. 

All the foods were lip smacking  and well made and the cocktails were just mind-blowing. A must try ..!!

Pocket pinch - Friendly .

So what are you waiting for ??
Come here with your friends & family and relish...!!

Thanks for the invitation Anwesha Dey and Sneha Dutta for your amazing hosting.

#blogger #bloggerslife #foodIslife #foodlover #BombayBrasserie #Relaunch #testing #panchPhoron #event #foodies #review #likeme #likeforlike #share #NamasteFoodieBlogger

##

2017-08-24 10:33:16
Nishtha Khandelwal
517653
4.5
Being a Delhiite it was a great experience to explore this restro in Kolkata.The food is just to awesome.i really loved it.if I get chance I would really lyk to visit ths place again and again.ambience is also nyc.A must visit for North Indian lovers.

##

2017-08-21 21:34:51
Shivank Chhaparia
2963388
1.0
They have supposedly changed the entire restaurant leading to a TOTAL DISASTER! 
Was a regular at this place but this change in their concept from a departure from fine dining to casual dining is a MESS!
Not going anymore!

##

2017-08-20 22:43:55
Protik Mukerjee
1488527
4.0
Located on the 6th floor of quest mall beside yauatcha. This restaurant was on my list since a long time. I got to know that this place has recently started serving pawwa, so i was very excited to try it.
Went there on a sunday evening and ordered the jaipuri gulabo pawwa and old delhi boti kebab with roomali roti. 
The service was prompt. The pawwa was very nice and had a punch of rose syrup in it. It was presented beautifully. The kebabs were very tender,the pudina chutney and the butter glazed roomali rotis made it a complete meal for me.
All in all it was worth the visit. A second visit is definitely on the cards to explore the menu more.

##

2017-08-20 14:33:54
Arpan H@lder
1887896
4.5
Just awesome place I have visit . I first time visit this place at quest mall.food quality was too good specially I like ambience. such a great place for foodie lover.

##

2017-08-19 12:18:22
Sambit Dwivedi
1689608
5.0
Regular food with a nice twist. Innovative cuisines and presentation at its level best. Quantity is a little less, typically a dish would serve a single person, but the restaurant more than makes up for it with taste and texture.

##

2017-08-15 12:24:25
Kaushik
8607681
3.5
Been there yesterday .. this is my 4 th time.. they have changed their menu and the starters r good . Had Andhra chicken and prawns.. drinks were on an expensive side .. had red label .. didn't find the main course to be great.. was pretty ordinary.. decor is good .

##

2017-08-12 19:40:30
Pawan Jaiswal/The Food Crave
73744
4.5
"Bombay Brasserie" the name takes you to the flash back of sapno ki nagri Mumbai when it used to be Bombay at one time. This Brand is going around the Map of India with their outlets already at Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Kolkata and opening shortly at Pune as well. 5th Floor Quest Mall near to Park Circus is the place you have to be to start your culinary journey with Bombay Brasserie. 

With the same name but with the new attire Bombay Brasserie comes before you with something bigger and better. A they say "Re-discover India through an explosion of flavor." Satisfy those cravings for good conversation and great food, through an exciting adventure that serves up the very best of India’s ingredients and dishes for the armchair traveller.

This was my first ever visit to any Bombay Brasserie so definitely the ambiance took me by surprise.  Caged chandeliers and recessed art give the dining room of this modern Indian an arty vibe. Live kitchen and Cocktail stall around the corner for quick serving. 

What's New! So they have come up with the new attire by adding a new logo to their beauty and introducing a whole new Drinks menu with some mouth watering Food menu. I am not a Cocktail guy to be honest but seeing the newly added "Pauwa" drinks that gives you a feel of desi look made me think for a second. A beautiful recreated food menu that has wholesome flavours of India. An experimental interpretation of Indian ingredients and flavours. 

Food Menu Tried (Which was a Vegetarian for a day):
1. Aam Papad Paneer
2. Chilli Cheese Kulcha
3. Gunpowder Potato
4. Marathi Jhinga Mirch
5. Parda Sabz Biryani
6. Amritsari Kulfi

Drinks Tried :
Sikhanjyi
Go Goa Gone

Thank you Bombay Brasserie For such a charming evening and great food and drink. All the best! Cheers!!!!

##

2017-08-11 19:05:12
Ashmita Bhattacharyya
6085781
5.0
Went to this place with my husband and parents after a tiring shopping spree. The receptionist was very welcoming, he listened to all our food constraints and restrictions and informed the same to the stewards and chef. The ambience was also very very nice. Food had a good variety and taste was also great
 Specially the serving style of tomato soup in a glass was quite unique. We also had galouti kebabs, Keema pav, white rice and chicken(don't remember the name of the dish).

##

2017-08-11 18:23:48
Ananya Das
29237600
4.5
Bombay Brasserie in Quest Mall re-launched last Thursday with new logo, interiors, menu and what not! 
They have come up with the new cocktail series- "Pauwa"; The colloquial term for local alcohol of India. The series of Pauwas are a must try!

The new food menu has some real lip smacking Indian flavours; They have maintained a perfect coastal essence in almost all their items. They are perfectly balanced and enriched in flavours. 
It doesn't disappoint the ones with a sweet tooth as well! Bread pudding, kulfi and so many more delicious and mouth watering Indian sweetness are on the menu for you to devour!

Calcutta-walo! It is time for you to hit the 5th floor at Quest to quench your thirst with some desiness and fill your tummies with the "khana-khazana" being served by Bombay Brasserie!

MUST TRY:
1. Go Goa Gone
2. Southern Express
3. Jaipur Gulabo
4. Marathi Jhinga Mirch
5. Mario's Mango Prawns and Coconut Rice.
6. Chilli Cheese Kulcha

#tastingIndia #BBkolkatarelaunch 
#experimentalindia #armchairtraveller 
#BombayBrasserieKolkata #ig_Calcutta #Kolkata #Calcutta #Foodie #FoodPhotography #FoodLovers #drinksarelife

##

2017-08-10 14:51:25
Dr. Kamalita Mitra
262121
4.5
Long wishlised , visited recently to try their Relaunched menu with the best possible blend of classic and contemporary and rediscovering India with authentic flavours. BB specializes fine dining on local cuisine , with comfortable and spacious seating brightly lit with caged chandeliors which makes the dining room very elegant . Special mention goes to the range of cocktails , that comes in small glass bottles like traditional 'pauwa' , poured in a glass while serving along with various chaknas to accompany. My favourite was the vodka based ones , Go GOA GONE and the JAIPUR GULABO , the latter was a beautiful rose flavour infused drink. Rum-acholics should miss the pineapple flavoured FAUJI PARTY SPECIAL and SOUTHERN EXPRESS is a drink served in steel 'balti' the strongest of all made of five dark spririts and coke. MOLLY LOLLY was also beautiful to look at , a tequilla based margharita with a lolly stick. 
Food here is exquisite, honestly! Starting from small plates like Andhra chicken , Amritsari Fish tikka to the mushiest Galawati kebabs , the Calcutta Fish fry was a huge fillet of fried fish with kashundi  and  Kashmiri Naan Kebab , the longest seekh kebab one can have served with naan seemed to be a meal in itself ,but the best of vegetarians choice has to  be the Spicy Pahadi Mushrooms .
The paired curries had an innovative concept , coupling every curry with an appropriate carbohydrate component , like kulcha/roti/rice which completes the meal. I quite liked the Coast to Coast chicken with multi seed roti , but the highlight undoubtedly was the Mario's Mango Prawns with coconut rice , packed with goan flavours in a tangy gravy was a sheer delight!
For desserts , the Bombay IceCream Sandwich came in lucrative plate but my recommendation straightaway goes to the Amritsari Kulfa , if you can imagine kesar kulfi with rabdi on a bed of phirni with falooda and rose syrup topping that comes with a smoky presentation , too good to be true!
The revamped menu has something special for everyone around the country , there isn't a better place for savouring a pan indian feast on one table , definitely worth trying and recommending :)

##

2017-08-09 22:57:40
Sharmili Roychoudhury
20507338
4.0
This is our first visit to Bombay Brasserie for dinner 2nite. Ambience is elegant n nicely done interior. We r light eaters at nights so had ordered for some drinks n starters n finished off with desserts. In starters we loved chilli cheese kulcha , aam papad paneer ,rajputana chicken soola kebabs. Galawati kebab was average because we'd eaten better in other joints. In desserts we loved both Amritsar kulfi n aam e raas (rosogolla with Rabri n aam). Service was good with courteous n smiling staff.

##

2017-08-09 14:33:34
Pritish Roy Chowdhury
3092941
4.0
The ambiance, the decor is top notch. The restaurant has ample seating arrangements. The servers are extremely capable, and well trained.If you want to have "DESHI KHANA" I can assure you people this is the ultimate destination in our city of joy. I think everyone should try Galauti kabab with kima paratha and that's the usb of this fine dine.Staffs were very humble & cooperative. I ordered Lucknowi Parat Paneer which was simply outstanding along with some other foods. The dessert part was also very tasty. I ordered Amritsari Kulfa as a dessert item , totally pleased with its taste. Waiting to visit it soon again. Prices are slightly on the higher side but once you taste the food you will understand.

##

2017-08-09 11:57:16
Swarnava Mukherjee
3033131
4.5
Have been visiting Bombay Brasserie quite often, but this time it was a brand re-launch celebration. Starting from the logo, to the ambience and obviously the menu, has been tuned to perfection. The new menu promises to deliver Indian cuisine that focuses on its uniqueness which is curated carefully after travelling to each corner of our country. The food will definitely appeal to your taste buds with its satisfying flavors.

With an interesting bar menu consisting of innovative Desi Cocktails like Go Goa Gone, Jaipur Gulabo, Pondy Rush, Kollywood Pop, Janta bar, Shimla Rum Do and Nagpuri Santra served in 180 ml Pauwa/quarter bottles were the star attractions, full marks for presentation. These were paired with crunchy, tasty bar snacks making it an appealing combination. The starters ranging from Gunpowder Potatoes to Calcutta Club Fish Fry is all set to charm you. The mains and desserts have also undergone enhancements and you'll not be disappointed at all.

##

2017-08-09 09:53:30
Manoj Wadhwani
16189
4.0
Visited on 4th , the paneer aam chatni was very good , the veg biryani was awesome  and the coast to coast chicken was good too , we didnt enjoy the mock tails much though . 
Quality is good , service is good , ambience is fine and since its a premium place with good food the price is commensurate.

##

2017-08-07 22:14:31
Sanjay
108290
4.5
I was recently invited at Bombay Brasserie to try their brand new menu. One of the most popular restaurants in Quest Mall. It is located on the top floor. One of my brother cum friend who suggest me for being a Zomato reviewer, Abhishake, who also with me. Previously I was here only one time with my friend anniversary celebration. This time I have lots of time to rediscover their different dishes. Also, I got full taste buds support from Abhishake.

There were so many dishes available what they introduced, many of them we tried. Here are the list of food dishes and drinks those we tried on that night:-

Foods:-

1. Gunpowder Potatoes

2. Stuffed Mushroom

3. Galawati Kebab

4. Amritsari Machchi Tikka

5. Mini cheese kulcha

6. Kolkata Club Fish Fry

7. Marathi Jhunga Machhli
8. Kashmiri naan kebab

9. Mango mario Prawn with coconut rice

10. Amritsari Kulfi

11. Pudding

12. Ice cream sandwich

Drinks (Cocktails/Mocktails):-

1. Shikanjvi

2. Fauji Party

3. Angudi soda

4. Go Goa Gone

5. Kacche aam sherbat/ Mango Panna

6. Pondy Rush

When I tried to review my experience, the first thing knocks me which I propose as a title:-

The return of the Kolkata Bhetki...

For the quintessential Bengali nothing disappoints more than a present onslaught of Basa. It is nothing in comparison to the Bhetki and will never be. And if you feel the same, Bombay Brasserie is the place to be. The Kolkata Club Fish Fry is one large piece of Bhetki wrapped in a fine coating and it comes with a twist of salsa and mustard sauce. I would also highly recommend the Amritsari machchi, which is essentially the fish kebab. The Galawati Kebab here are milder than some of the other places around, but it's certainly more creamier. Items like Gunpowder Potato or Pahari Mushroom are pretty okay, but I would like to specially mention the mini cheese kulcha. It's simply heaven; and careful its very hot too. Mango Mario Prawn with Coconut Rice which was one of our favorite dishes. The gravy and rice both were made for each other. The Marathi Jhunga Machhli was awesome taste. Prawn preparation with crushed nuts and special chili. I would love to come again for this dish. This preparation, I never eat before. The Kashmiri Nan Kebab is sumptuous, and adequate for two. The Pudding here is quite different from what you get at other places, however it too has the drawback of being too hot. And among kids, ice cream sandwich will be a massive hit. They also offer us to taste their Biryani dish, but we do not have any place in our stomach.

Coming to the drinks, I should specially mention the Go Goa Gone. Its vodka based and has an undertone of sweetness. This, when paired with the Mango Mario Prawn with Coconut Rice, was too good. The Fauji Party was rather okayish. The rum has been toned down too much for my liking. It tasted good only when paired with the Marathi Jhunga Machhli, which in itself was quite an interesting item. Pondy Rush too was very refreshing. The Shikanjvi and Kacche aam sherbat were good in taste, but Angudi soda was okay type. Due to lots of tails (Cocktails/Mocktails), our water glasses were never  refilled. 

Overall the experience was very good. The service was pretty prompt and very courteous. The overall standard of food was pretty high and the good ones are right up there at the top.

Ambience: Amazing - 4/5

Food: Very Good - 4.5/5

Staff Courtesy: Very Good - 4.5/5

Pricing:  Good - 4/5

Value for Money: Good 4.5/5

Lastly, I would like to thank the Team Bombay Brasserie, for inviting me.

##

2017-08-06 21:35:16
Suruchi Bhawsinghka
1140387
4.0
Had family lunch long time back. had a Fab time.The staff was happy to guide us to choose the best from the menu. Takes us to authenticity of India cuisine.As the name says Bombay's best placed.The garnishment makes it look all d more tasty. Located at such a posh Mall that u would hardly get a place without a booking. Indian food lovers this a place to try!

##

2017-08-06 14:39:15
Anusreea - The Food Trippers
2257306
4.5
Located on the floor above the food court, the restaurant serves indian cuisine. Imagine fine dining yet not dying paying humongous bills! Tried their canteen menu lunch. The decor is exquisite! The caged chandeliers held my attention. The photos, the chilled vibes, the outer seating arena, the masala counter on display...everything about this restaurant is loveable! From the canteen lunch, what stood out was the cutting chai, the bhel muri, the fritters, and the dal with some steaming hot rotis. The mutton was tender and was falling off the bones. The chicken was equally tender and tasted so well. Priced well within the affordable range, a great experience!

BB was re-launched in the month of August, and we were delighted to be a part of their celebrations! They have introduced indigenous ingredients based menu. Which means they have items from the tip of Northern India to the tip of Southern India. The menu is very relatable and easy to grasp. Taste wise, they are very Indian, and you'll not be disappointed. The best bit being, you'll have pauwas in glass bottles replacing the modern cocktails and thus breaking the ice of fine dining.

##

2017-08-06 09:55:33
Atul Agarwal
27874717
3.5
This restaurant is located on the top floor of quest mall beside Irish House. The ambience is overall nice but device is very slow. Prices are on the upper side when compared to quantity of a dish. Although food is delectable. The menu available on Zomato isn't updated so I would recommend all of you to check with the restaurant before going as most of the items are stuck off from the new menu.
And people.. They are charging service charge rust is totally optional so please don't pay it if you don't want to and do check it before paying as SERVICE CHARGE is optional now.

Food- 4
Price-3
Service-3
Ambience-4

##

2017-08-02 21:32:16
Sudeshna Halder
1891686
4.5
Great decor and fantastic food, what more can you ask for. Ordered nawabi gosht biryani, galauti kebab, paperwali macchi, lucknowi murg korma among other things. Got blown away by their taste. Quantity is a bit less compared to price, but the taste makes up for it

##

2017-08-02 19:29:45
Bhoomika Basumallik
43352494
4.5
One of my favourite Indian restaurants in the city. Located at Quest Mall, Bombay brasserie is the place to go if you have a thing for North Indian, Rajasthani and Awadhi food. Recommended dishes include:
1. Mutton Galouti kebab (so tender, the best in town) 
2. Dhungar maas (rajasthani mutton curry)
3. Their special kulfi with Rabri. 

Prawn Koliwada, paperwali macchhi, salli chicken are their other specialities. 

Ambience: 4.5/5
Decor: 4.5/5
Food: 4.8/5
Service: 4/5
Pocket pinch: $$$

##

2017-07-30 16:02:18
Smita Jain
30830237
5.0
Came here with my sister for the first time. Loved the food and the ambience. Tried the biryani. Loved it. Ask for Amit. Great hospitality by him!

##

2017-07-28 12:49:38
Saheli Roy
34679533
4.5
Good ambience, friendly and welcoming staff, biriyani, kebabs, desserts are extremely tasty. A bit expensive especially after the GST but the food is worth paying for. Keep up the good work.

##

2017-07-14 16:06:35
Paridhi Modi
3020127
5.0
Great service and great food  the staff is very good the ambience is also very good and I recommend this place to my friends n family it has the best Indian food in Kolkata 
The mall is in the centre of the city so the restraunt has a great footfall is the only proper restaurant here

##

2017-07-14 15:19:31
Shoma Ghosh
43572780
5.0
Amit guha served us well. Excellent food. Ordered the palak chicken, lacha paratha and fish amritsari  and amritsari kulfi. Highly recommend!

##

2017-07-10 14:59:58
Arsalan_areeb
43524858
5.0
The food was exceptional, the veg. Galauti kebab and the prawns were a great mix of flavors and had my palette going into a trance with every bite. 

This place got all the things right, and more than the food what really stood out for me was the courteous and quality service provided by all the staff especially Indra & Krishna.

Working for Burj Al Arab , Dubai , and supervising their food and beverage outlets and dining a lot in international market restaurants, this place really surprised me and i feel by far its the most attentive, intuitive and thoughtful service i have recieved in Kolkata. 

Truly has the potential to be one of the best restaurants in the city, in my books its is the best restaurant in the city.

Thank you....

##

2017-07-10 12:15:55
Sarbani Bagchi
32791590
4.5
I had been to Bombay Brasserie long time back. The decor is very impressive and the staffs are welcoming.
The drinks here are a must try.
I had taken the Rosy gulab sherbet and the raspy orange mocktail.
The tastes still linger in my mouth. They are heavenly!
The tandoori chicken took 30 minutes for preparation and it was extremely succulent and delicious.
The biryani however I didnot find too good which is why I deducted a 0.5
For desserts I had taken the Jamun-e-gul. And it was mesmerising.
So take your time out and visit this place. 
Though the pocket pinch is high the food is worthy of it.

##

2017-07-07 22:44:41
Meghna Dass
1403084
4.0
One of the many culinary de lights in quest mall. BB is more subdued compare to its neighbours. The decor is clean abd contemporary. Food specially the starters are the clincher here. After a pretty horrid chicken and almond shorba we were delighted with the galauti kebab , chicken kebabs with corriander seeds, and one of the best fish kebabs i have had. The quantity is adequate for 4 people .Really enjoyed the garlic naan aswell. Service is prompt and courteous and the food is presented really well. How ever the bar menu is really tattered and is held together by cellotape. A little more attention to detail and this would be a 5 rated establishment.

##

2017-07-06 23:38:40
Nivi
497834
4.5
Looking for a royal lunch?

Then Bombay Brasserie of Quest Mall with the subtlety of classy decor will surely amuse you. 
 It’s not always novelty, sometimes it’s just a tasty platter seasoned with the right amount of everything, in the right place with the right people, to make you feel great!!
This place is one of them.
The moment I entered the place I was in awe with their Caged Chandeliers, the soothing seating area and the masala counter display. It felt like each had some stories tangled to it!
 The dishes are just true Indian to its core that causes an explosion of flavours when consumed.
Kitchen was visible and it was equally wonderful to look at. Neat and nice arrangement.

 Makhmali murgh tikka as a starter was tender and juicy. It was a classic cheese white kebab and brilliant in one word, though my tummy remained insatiable with the chutney served with it.
Next came the Dhungar mutton and Dum biryani.
Both were exquisite.
The parda biryani was covered with a layer of thick wheat flour to keep it warm for a longer period.  Succulent meat served with decent portion of rice and we just couldn’t ask for more.  That sits right in my heart!
They call it "Bombay chicken biryani". And I call it Perfecto. *wink*
Dhungar as in smoked mutton was amazing!! It's a delight from Rajasthan as they described it. 
The very essence lies in the endearing smell of all their dishes. Still hooked to it!
Costly affair it is but you wouldn’t regret savouring here at the same time.

##

2017-07-01 22:57:34
S K
54844
3.5
When I entered the place I was immidiately drawn to it's simplicity in design which is contemporary and really really good.. that got me excited about the food..
But when it came I was a little dissapointed. I let the person who was taking our order decide for me and he brought me a "signature dish", I don't remember what it is called but it had strands of fried potatoes on it and it was a chicken curry.. the dish was no good..
The Veg koftas and murgh Malai Kabab were good though

I might someday land up at some to other outlet on the country and hopefully will have a better experience

##

2017-07-01 20:48:31
Ayan Kumar Pan
36106400
3.5
This restaurant is in Quest Mall. I've been to this place once and the experience was okay.

The ambiance and interiors of this restaurant is very good. 

Ordered chicken kashmiri and roomali roti. The taste was great and quantity was sufficient.

The price is not much pocket friendly. The biggest turnoff was the 10% service charge levied to us. I feel it's a bit too expensive based on the service received.

##

2017-06-26 22:50:09
Rachit Shroff
4826671
4.5
Had a great time here. Food, ambience and staff were top notch. Happy that Kolkata has a dining place at par with Bangalore and Gurgaon !! .

##

2017-06-26 14:10:07
Sushenjit Ghosh
32007192
4.5
Yesterday i went there with my friends. Located at the 5th floor of Quest mall, just beside of the irish house. Quite spacious and neat n clean; around 50 people can accommodate here. It was bit crowdy last day so naturally it became tad noisy.
        At first we took mutton galawati kabaab , chicken soola kabaab with heineken beer. Actually they suggested to have the soola kabaab and it was so yummy. Beer was chiiled and we enjoyed it thoroughly.
        In the main course there was bombay chicken biriyani, with dhaba chicken and tandoori roti. roti was ok and other two items was very good.
        At last we placed the order of jalebi with rabdi, sweet lassi and choco mochachino, and they all were so tasty.
       Overall a very good experience. The only suggestion is that u should provide cold drinking water in this hot summer. It took quiet a time to deliver the food; may be it was because of the rush.

##

2017-06-26 02:53:10
Navneet Mohta
930945
4.5
A must-go place for North Indian food lovers🙂
Delicious food..

Ambience - 4/5
Food-4.5/5
Hospitality -4/5
Price group - on the costlier side but worth it.

The best - Lucknowi Paraath Paneer,Paneer Lifafa Paratha.

##

2017-06-18 20:50:05
Aura Roy (SlurpBite)
681152
5.0
My friend gave her birthday treat here. Although I wanted to try the serafina brunch more , she assured me I won't be disappointed. And she was right! Finger licking good is an understatement. Started with badami murgh shorba. Smooth and perfectly balanced! A full bowl and your day would be made. Following this came the paperwali macchi. Basa fish covered in a coriander paste and covered in a butter paper and cooked. Flaky fish and delicious. The parda biryani was mind blowing. Succulent meat with aromatic rice. Oh boy is this bringing me memories. 😍
Following this we ordered a keema paratha. Soft Partha stuffed with minced mutton keema and egg. Must order.
The amritsari kulfa was something altogether. The kulfi was covered in a creamy base and topped with faluda and rose syrup. Once you have this you wouldn't want to have the regular ones am sure.
Overall had a wonderful experience. Service was top notch. The good food and the ambiance just added to the experience.
Keep up the great work. Kudos to the entire management. 😊😊😊😊

##

2017-07-01 20:48:31
Ayan Kumar Pan
36106400
3.5
This restaurant is in Quest Mall. I've been to this place once and the experience was okay.

The ambiance and interiors of this restaurant is very good. 

Ordered chicken kashmiri and roomali roti. The taste was great and quantity was sufficient.

The price is not much pocket friendly. The biggest turnoff was the 10% service charge levied to us. I feel it's a bit too expensive based on the service received.

##

2017-06-26 22:50:09
Rachit Shroff
4826671
4.5
Had a great time here. Food, ambience and staff were top notch. Happy that Kolkata has a dining place at par with Bangalore and Gurgaon !! .

##

2017-06-26 14:10:07
Sushenjit Ghosh
32007192
4.5
Yesterday i went there with my friends. Located at the 5th floor of Quest mall, just beside of the irish house. Quite spacious and neat n clean; around 50 people can accommodate here. It was bit crowdy last day so naturally it became tad noisy.
        At first we took mutton galawati kabaab , chicken soola kabaab with heineken beer. Actually they suggested to have the soola kabaab and it was so yummy. Beer was chiiled and we enjoyed it thoroughly.
        In the main course there was bombay chicken biriyani, with dhaba chicken and tandoori roti. roti was ok and other two items was very good.
        At last we placed the order of jalebi with rabdi, sweet lassi and choco mochachino, and they all were so tasty.
       Overall a very good experience. The only suggestion is that u should provide cold drinking water in this hot summer. It took quiet a time to deliver the food; may be it was because of the rush.

##

2017-06-26 02:53:10
Navneet Mohta
930945
4.5
A must-go place for North Indian food lovers🙂
Delicious food..

Ambience - 4/5
Food-4.5/5
Hospitality -4/5
Price group - on the costlier side but worth it.

The best - Lucknowi Paraath Paneer,Paneer Lifafa Paratha.

##

2017-06-18 20:50:05
Aura Roy (SlurpBite)
681152
5.0
My friend gave her birthday treat here. Although I wanted to try the serafina brunch more , she assured me I won't be disappointed. And she was right! Finger licking good is an understatement. Started with badami murgh shorba. Smooth and perfectly balanced! A full bowl and your day would be made. Following this came the paperwali macchi. Basa fish covered in a coriander paste and covered in a butter paper and cooked. Flaky fish and delicious. The parda biryani was mind blowing. Succulent meat with aromatic rice. Oh boy is this bringing me memories. 😍
Following this we ordered a keema paratha. Soft Partha stuffed with minced mutton keema and egg. Must order.
The amritsari kulfa was something altogether. The kulfi was covered in a creamy base and topped with faluda and rose syrup. Once you have this you wouldn't want to have the regular ones am sure.
Overall had a wonderful experience. Service was top notch. The good food and the ambiance just added to the experience.
Keep up the great work. Kudos to the entire management. 😊😊😊😊

##

2017-06-14 02:03:06
Roman Harry
16143178
4.0
Food quality and taste is quite good here. Nice decor of restaurant and nice plating. Prawn biriyani and galawati kebeb is awesome. Potato fritters is worth of veg lover either. Restaurant captains r not worth over one star though, not helpful. Overall, nice .

##

2017-06-12 10:16:32
Sujata Thaker
30203195
1.5
A really sad and extremely disappointing experience at Bombay Brasserie, the food was , to put it bluntly, Awful. Just AWFUL.I can't stress enough how I can't get over such a bad food experience in a joint which is supposed to be a fine dining one. They charge a bomb but don't deliver quality. I cannot fault the service which was good but the less said about the food the better.For starters ,we had veg seekh kebab which also had corn and thus was served with a green coriander Chutney/ dip, chat masala and lime. This item was the only saving grace of the entire meal. Though even here I felt there was scope for improvement. But after this everything went downhill.
Margarita....the mocktail was just flat, tasteless and they didn't even rim the glass properly with salt. I felt depressed just looking at the drink and the first sip made me feel that it should be the last sip!!!!
The tarkari masaledar,as suggested by the server as being their signature dish was another disaster. It had big chunks of ginger, which after a mouthful was too much. There was no aroma of masala...it was simply doused in a tomato gravy. Among the veggies in the dish there was too much of potato!! ( Hello..if we wanted so much of potato we would have ordered a potato dish!!!) There was just a few pieces of panir and cauliflower and a meagre sprinkling of green peas!!
Coming to the breads, the chilly cheese kulcha made our mouth burn.Well ok. we asked for Chilly but that didn't mean that you should have so many pieces of green chilli in it to cause a burning sensation in your mouth!!( Come on we've had Chilly Cheese Toast from different places and not had this burning mouth sensation). The hare pyaj ki kulcha was just about ok.
After these disasters didn't feel like trying dessert here, so walked away to have it elsewhere.
Sorely disappointed, especially because we had gone there based on good reviews....But our first hand experience here was really bad.

##

2017-06-12 01:08:29
Sanjula Yadav
2937410
4.5
We went on a Sunday night so the place was packed but the 15 minute waiting was worth it! The food is absolutely delicious. We ordered their famous Galauti Kebab and Prawn Koliwada for starters and they did not disappoint! The prawn koliwada, especially, was packed with flavor and had a perfect blend of spiciness and crunchiness. A definite must have! For main course, we ordered the classic Chicken tikka Butter Masala and Butter Naan and it was by far, one of the best butter chicken curry I've had. Definitely in my list of top 5 butter chicken dishes I've tried so far (and I've tried many). 
The staff was courteous and helpful, they even let me sample the wine before I ordered my glass so that's an added bonus. 
The dessert was good but more appealing to the eye. 

I had a very good dining experience and will definitely return next time I'm in town, to try their brunch menu! 
However, I would recommend reserving a table if they take reservations.

##

2017-06-11 21:06:04
Debapriya Gupta
464760
4.0
i totally and simply loveed the place..be it the beautifully and aesthetically done interiors and lightings to the awesome food.. i totally love it..  me and my friend (she suggested the place) went for lunch... we've ordered prawn thecha in the starter.. bombay chicken biryani..dhungar maas.. kottayam fish curry and romali rotis.. and all the dishes were good.. no exaggeration..! :D the biryani was very good wd soft pieces of chicken thrown in.. dhungar maas was an exotic and spicy mutton preparation.. kottayam fish curry (again suggested by my friend) i find the taste to be very unusual yet tasty.. it's curry patta, coconut flavored fish preparation.. me though not being a fan of curry patta loved the taste of the dish.. 
highly recommended if you're an indian cuisine lover and likes to try out different local cuisines​ from various parts of India.. :)

##

2017-06-10 21:55:47
SANGEETA S
33709420
1.0
The place deserves a rating worse than this when it comes to the staff specially the restaurant manager ...You can wait for hours and get no respond from him or else you can be very privileged and get a table at once without waiting .....👎👎👎👎extremely dissatisfied 🙍

##

2017-06-10 21:39:25
ANIL AGARWAL
36286559
1.0
The place no matter located in Quest mall offers the same manager rule on the counter...If you are a little influential you can get the table without waiting orelse bother yourself by waiting for an hour without any reason. ...Pathetic service...
Value your time and money and avoid going....

##

2017-06-10 21:33:08
Ayush Sanghi
400454
1.0
No matter how good the food is the staff here are pathetic...all u need is a good contact to get the table... you can wait here for 45 minutes but still someone can take your table by manager's grace... 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 to the kind of service and staff they have ....

##

2017-06-05 23:42:02
Sanchari Chakraborty
13603341
4.0
Food and ambience is very good............staffs are nice.........variety of the food is ok too.......as it is concentrating on Bombay style food so expected lot more Parsi menus on the list.....hope they will include more bombay varieties in the menu.

##

2017-06-05 18:11:35
Krishnendu Saha
32989536
5.0
I had lunch on last Saturday.  It was really awasome food and the ambience was really awasome.  Food quality was too good . It is total based on Indian cuisine.  One thing which I want to say is it takes a bit time to deliver food , this should be rectify by the management. Rest of the things all 100 % accurate. Must go for a foodie. ...

##

2017-06-05 08:50:03
Soupayan Ghosh
1061176
5.0
Excellent restaurant.. mind blowing decor n hospitality. Ambiance is awesome . The main thing is u will get an excellent quality of food here.. n kulfi was awesome. Nowhere in kolkata u will get this type of kulfi. Best north indian joint of the city..

##

2017-06-05 00:07:09
Sampooran Ganguly
30457445
3.5
I went with my wife on the eve of our marriage anniversary to have a taste of the Bombay Brasserie. We had ordered Murg Badami Shorba which is a unique soup preparation served in special boul and obviously the one and only Galawti Kabab in starter.
The kabab was really mouth smacking and was supplemented by butter naan.
In the main coarse we had ordered for Bombay Chicken biriyani which was prepared in a pot covered with maida. It included shredded boneless chicken pieces and one potato however the quantity of rice is insufficient for 2 people and also there was no egg, otherwise the taste was good and preparation was light. We finally ordered kaccha mango sherbat which was also up to the mark.
The prices are bit on the higher side but indeed a wonderful experience on our special occasion.
Last but not the least the behaviour of the staffs were excellent and the ambience is indeed very appealing.

##

2017-06-04 14:41:59
Love 4 Food
1438367
4.0
We went for a family celebration last night. We simply loved the food and can also consider this as the best food we have had so far. And most importantly, this is the 1st time we has Indian Food which wasn't oily and greasy and didn't make us feel stuffy at all. We ordered Andhra Chicken & Paper wali Macchi as starter. Andhra chicken wasn't that awesome as the Fish which was out of the world. Main Course - Butter Naan, Prawn Pulao, Mutton Biryani, Paneer , Salli Chicken & Kaali Dal. And yes cucumber mojito which was out of the world. Desert - Mango Kulfi & Rabri jalebi. And the Dish of the Night - Dum Ki Nalli. I am rating overall 4 due to the portion which appeared less in proportion to the price. 

It is an expensive place but a Must Try

##

2017-06-02 15:32:20
Abhroneil Datta
1595788
4.0
The food is superb, as is the ambience, but there are not too many choices when it comes to drinks, as many of the items are not available. Other than that, can't complain. PS-The galouti kebab is the best starter, and its fantastic.

##

2017-06-01 12:49:46
Mini Gautam
15976612
4.0
The food is great here. I like the menu it's different from the obvious dishes and even the style of cooking is quite unique and good. Zaraanj used to be a good restaurant for Indian food in Kolkata but for me its standards have lowered a lot and it has been replaced by Bombay Brasserie.

##

2017-05-30 21:44:34
Harsh Vardhan Bahety
1942762
4.5
Had visited the place this dunday..  the foid was pretty good.. had ordered paneer tikka fr starters... n tikra paneer pyaaz... which was amazing.. the chur chur parantha was good...  the jalebi was was above my expectations... never had thought that such good jalebis will be served... would recommend ppl to visit the place...

##

2017-05-29 11:20:41
Dwitipriya
1389435
4.5
On a recent visit, we tried out paneer lifafa paratha, murg soola kebab and dum ki kaali daal. Loved every preparation, especially the parathas which had a very subtle yet flavorful stuffing inside a crispy shell. Additionally, the galauti kebabs here are an all time favorite.

##

2017-05-29 08:09:51
MVB
1327968
1.0
Was my husband's birthday dinner & we had requested for complimentary cake while booking the table (a day before), however, today at the time of dinner upon reminding about the cake one of the staff members said they would get back & no one got back!
Nothing impressive about this place, ordinary & cold food, below par service. Bill# BB00052173

##

2017-05-28 22:29:29
Varun B
30677809
1.0
Was my birthday dinner & we had requested for complimentary cake while booking the table (a day before), however, today at the time of dinner upon reminding about the cake one of the staff members said they would get back & no one got back! So my birthday dinner was celebrated without a cake!
All that aside, this was my first visit, nothing​ great about this place, ordinary & cold food, below par service. Paying service charge - forced tip makes no sense! Bill# BB00052173

##

2017-05-28 18:34:34
Novel Roy
417603
5.0
Truly 5 star dining. Calm ambience, kid friendly, wheelchair accessible apart from some sumptuous food. Décor had a classy charm..the chairs, tables and the soft light makes​ it seem like an event every time you dine here. Service is fast and courteous. Coming to the food I had Anglo- Bangla  fry with Chicken tikka for starters. Simply awesome. The oil used is very light and the fish was fried flaky and just right. The chicken pieces are succulent and the spice is felt to the bone. For the mains had Dhunger Maas, daal and Roomali roti. To add I am not at all a mutton person and yet I polished off till the last bit of gravy in sight. The Roomali was so soft that it could actually fit into a kerchief pocket. The glass kitchen wall allows you to see the flying roomalis being baked doing wonders for the  appetite. So any time I want to celebrate in peace it has to be Bombay Brasserie.👍

##

2017-05-28 13:04:55
SHREYA BISWAS
32394119
3.5
Ambience is good . We ordered very usual food. Galoti kabab which was ok type . We ordered 3mocktails ,  guava mocktail was really good and watermelon  mocktail taste was like medicine . We ordered a chicken dish with white gravy not reshmi kabab gravy and plain rice . Both were good in taste

##

2017-05-26 20:17:20
Amrita Bera
807389
4.0
After a movie at Inox, Quest Mall, came to dine at Bombay Brasserie and almost at the end of dinner time. The staff was very well mannered and took our orders till 11pm, ambience is nice and trendy, our table was round in shape and open kitchen (breads section) so we could see our orders being prepared. Ordered prawns koliwada in starter, it arrived early and was superb to taste and the various accompaniments went so well be it chat masala and lemon and green chutney. Next we ordered kheema moghlai paratha, salli chicken and prawn biriyani. Each item was fabulous, be it the meaty paratha or biriyani. Quantity and quality both ensured. Salli chicken was amazing with aloo lachha garnish, while ample prawns in biriyani and taste was different from kolkata style biriyani. Great dining experience, good staff, awesome flavourfu; food !!!

##

2017-05-21 22:20:41
Sujoy Kundu
30284694
1.0
A restaurant wigth staff who doesn't have any clue about hospitality..
With no work culture no ethics they allowed a group of four as they said they will enter then only otherwise not, keeping a family waiting for no reason...
I just wish this restaurant runs in huge loss and I am sure it will coz a restaurant is all about service..
#bombaybrasserie

##

2017-05-21 15:19:07
Saurabh Kedia
1109857
4.0
The food quality is good but the restaurant is over priced. Service is not upto the expectation as per the price. Overall, a one time visit. Not a place you would like to repeat.

##

2017-05-20 00:48:18
Charles Gurung
36259833
4.5
It was a great experience. The kebabs were delicious.
Loved the presentation of kulfi.. Service was excellent. Staffs were on their toes. Thanks to our server Biswajit, captain Bappi and whole team..
Will visit again.

##

2017-05-16 18:45:41
Jyoti Nathany
2285358
3.5
It's a perfect place to head for a family dinner. However, if you are looking for a quieter place then this is not the place for you. I have been to this place twice and found it crowded even on weekdays (but we can blame the delicious food for the massive footfall). Also, the service was a bit too slow and when one goes with kids, it's difficult to keep that long a patience. There is huge scope for improvement in service

Coming to the food,
For appetisers, Mughal Sarai k Bhare aloo is my all-time favourite
Dakshini Mushroom and black dal completely satiated my taste-buds along with Garlic Naan. However, Masala Kulcha was a bit disappointing
There are not many options for desserts-would love to see some more European options on the menu 
Kids love the restaurant for the coloured fennel candies and the tamarind candies they offer 

The ambience looks classy and subtle.

Overall, Given the options in Kolkata, I would not mind visiting this place again for a family dinner

##

2017-05-14 17:52:05
Rebecca Diyashikha Nath
248372
4.0
Great food..loved the ambience..the stuffed mushrooms were the best of the lot..definitely a recommendation..cheers to the staff of Bombay Brasserie..

##

2017-05-12 23:52:45
Knackforsnack
3000350
3.5
I was a regular to this North Indian restaurant when it had opened but it started serving bad food. I used to like their dal makhani and paneer sabzi with garlic naan.

##

2017-05-08 00:01:32
Avishek Mehra
15742398
2.5
Went there for my birthday lunch post booking a table via Zomato.
The booking experience was smooth but can't say the same for the dining.
Starters :
We ordered Challi seekh kebab  and they were very bland. Loaded with peas and corn. Was left searching for flavour.

Main :
Ordered Planner Tikka Butter Masala with high expectations only to be disappointed further. Planner felt raw and gravy also didn't taste too good. 

Naan :
This was good and perhaps the only reason I have a 2.5 and not a 1.5. Thanks for not adding egg in the naan unlike most places in the city.

Purda Subz Biryani :
Rarely do restaurants get veg biryani right and sadly this place also fails to impress in the veg biryani quotient.

Dessert : Wanted to try desserts but the bad experience earlier made me reluctant and we decided to call it a day and rather have a shake at Keventers to lighten up the spirit since the meal experience was ruined.

Service was very good as expected and no complaints on that front.

Well maybe the non veg is good ( maybe that explains the good rating on Zomato ) but as far as veg food goes specially the items I had, would not want to visit again.

##

2017-05-06 22:35:58
Ahijit Sarkar
2201958
4.0
Nyc experience
Ordered gaulauti kabab and panch photon chicken both were nyc to taste

For main coarse ordered salli chicken which tasted awesome but ordered biriyani which was nt dat good. Fr paratha ordered chur chur paratha it was said it was one of their signature dish bt it was a flop

In short a nyc experience a bit expensive but its okay

##

2017-05-04 01:37:31
Mir Rafae Mohammad
587100
5.0
Authentic Cusine, well prepared. In love with the Shahi Tukda and Galauti Kebabs. Courteous staff & nice interiors.

Follow me on instagram.com/mirrafae

##

2017-05-03 18:42:44
Kushal Jain
40729675
4.5
Have been visiting them for a long time now, and have been satisfied on all my visits. They serve some amazing Indian dishes and their breads are perfect. Gunpowder potato and their paneer starter are my favorite. Would recommend this place to everyone.

##

2017-04-30 17:43:37
Pratik
1439660
3.0
I visited this restaurant for the first time and I'm narrating my overall experience below. 

Bombay Brasserie is housed on the 5th floor of quest mall. Most of he restaurants alongside were full and having wait time of up to 1 hour. Luckily we found a table in this one without any wait. 

Looks like an upscale high end restaurant when anyone walks in. Nice decor, lightning and humble staff. 

We ordered Amritsari Aloo Kulcha, Butter Naan, Lohe Ki Kadhai ke Aloo and Parda Sabz Biryani. Wait time was exceptionally high, around 25 mins from the time order was given till food was served. 

Food was prepared well, breads were the best. Side dish was exceedingly spicy and Biryani was okay types. 

Overall it was a good experience but I think

##

2017-04-24 18:30:39
Sreoshi Mukherjee
2633806
3.5
The visit was great! Although I wish I didn't have to rush it through because I had to immediately leave to catch a movie. 

The ambience was great, service was good. The food was amazing! The gosht biriyani was absolutely wonderful, the papad which was served as an appetizer/amusé bouche was crisp and really good to eat! There was an assortment of cocktails to choose from, we had the vodka shikanji, masala maarke and imli-tini. I think we made a good choice with the food and drinks!

##

2017-04-16 14:14:03
Nishta Shah
3048022
1.0
The staff is very rude. Especially the greeter Mr. Shubham. Calcutta is known for poor customer service but the staff here is even below Calcutta standards. The Chennai branch is many notches above in terms of customer service.

##

2017-04-16 00:13:03
Sunetra Banerjee
1465405
4.5
Excellent food. Beautifully curated ambience. Good service. Just the ingredients needed for that great meal with your family (or friends). Had visited during the baishaki / boishak weekend....so it had quite a lot of specials to try out. My favourites were the kebabs sidge se, the lotus stem kofta n rajasthani mutton. Not to miss the broccoli parathas - very unique, and perfect ! It's a must visit when you are at quest!

##

2017-04-13 12:36:38
Margherita
3119362
4.0
The lasting impression was that of tasteful interiors and a grown up ambience. I find myself preferring such restaurants to loud pubs these days. A short wait time and we were on to the food. 

The gunpowder potatoes was heavily masalafied and satisfied my south Indian taste buds. The tandoori gobi was good too, just a touch overcooked. It's one of my favorite dishes in general anyway. Main course was paneer sirka pyaz and chur chur paratha; both great (RDB, please take notes for your Lal Mirch Paratha). We were too stuffed for any biryani, as good as it is supposed to be here. We were however, not too stuffed for dessert :D And Ras-e-Aam was totally worth stretching for. A subtle mango hit combined with 2 favorite sweets - it was the bomb. The drinks were quite nice, we liked our cosmos and cucumber mojitos. This was a lovely meal. We were just all puzzled by the Bombay in this brasserie!

##

2017-04-08 20:15:50
Aindrila Sur
958635
4.0
Decently priced restaurant.
Brilliant Ambience.
Food too was delicious.
Drinks:
    Cool Blue - Litchi Flavoured Blue Mocktail
    Verdict- Very Delicious and refreshing 
Starter:
    Murg Soola Kebab - Chicken kebab dish
    Verdict- The chicken just melts in your mouth
Main Course:
     Mutton Biryani
     Verdict- Nicely flavoured. The mutton simply melts!

##

2017-04-06 23:07:30
Avishek Laha
287807
4.5
First ambience of the restaurant: classy, nice decor, and has both inside and outside seating .. When u wl enter the restaurant the table arrangements are auch that u wl feel like 80s - 90s restro but in new presentation .. Now coming to the food part, in starters we ordered for Galawati kebab; awesome taste and the kebab was served with small lacha parathas .. The kebabs were less spicy, flattering the aroma of pure ghee and when u take a bite of the kebab with the lacha paratha, the kebab just vanishes in ur mouth .. a must try when u visit this joint .. The second starter was Murg Saloo kebab, again very nice and sliced chicken kebab with awesome taste of spices and whole daniya seeds .. in main course we ordered for Nawabi Gosht Biriyani .. The biriyani was served in handi covered with a layer of paratha just like Pardah Biriyani .. The aroma of the biriyani was mind blowing and also the taste .. The Gosht was well cooked with proper spices in it and also the portion was good for two .. Last but not the least the behaviour of each and every person there was very nice and they were friendly, also asked about the food and any improvements or comments .. Nice experience will visit again for the Galawati kebab ..

##

2017-04-04 20:52:32
Sanjana Banerjee
29098010
4.5
Went there for dinner with my sister!! The ambience and service was amazing!! The food arrived within a few minutes of ordering. It was delicious!! We tried the Galawati Kebab and it was melt in the mouth delicious... For mains we had Chu chur paratha and Aloo Kulcha along with Dal Tadkewali and Dum ki Nalli. The paratha and kulcha were non-greasy and the dal had great taste. The Dum ki Nalli is basically a Mutton preparation and the meat was literally falling off the bones. Lastly we had the kulfi which was good as well! Overall had a wonderful experience and plan to visit again....

##

2017-04-03 15:05:00
Vidhi Sharma
32242658
5.0
Amazing place! Love the food! ❤️
The service is really nice! 
Its better to always get a reservation done or the chances of getting a table quickly is doubtful! 🙈
Become a regular place for family dinners! 🙂

##

2017-04-02 00:54:11
Oindrila Banerjee
32047446
3.5
The ambience and the decor is impressive and amazing . One of the finest and elegant decor this place is having. We had Chur Chur Paratha which was one of the speciality there.Then we had paneer lifafa and salil chicken  and also Bombay style chicken  a biryani .In starters  we had Lucknowi planner Paratha. The food was not that amazing.It was good.In deserts we had amritsari kulfa which was quite good.Overall a good experience.

##

2017-03-30 23:40:02
Keshav Kothari
32016549
4.5
If you are visiting this place do not fail to order panner lifafa...  You cannot get it better anywhere else... Food quality and quantity is both amazing with a wonderful ambience...  Value for money is less since it's a little expensive.. But it's complete paisa wasool... You will surely not regret the amount you spent...

##

2017-03-30 00:40:22
Sangita Jindal
865771
4.5
I am in love with the food served here. My favorite is Biryani and Subz Vilayati. Well one can try anything on the menu card, i have tried a few and all of them were luscious. 
Though,I don't like its ambience. I wish they had some better seating arrangements. Its a lil expensive but never mind the food served will take care of it. 
And yes the candies served instead of the fennel seeds would make you happier.

##

2017-03-26 14:22:45
Sahil Islam
1001945
5.0
Really a very nice place with real good food the Paperwali Machli was a bit too salty but apart from that Hussaini Boti and Prawn Pulao were fantastic. The way they presented the Amritsari kulfa was fantabulous.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

##

2017-03-25 23:35:58
Gaurav
34460978
2.5
Extremely poor food quality.disappointed at the standards of food and service falling down.a sure not repeat for long i guess.service is rushed and it took very long for the food to arrive

##

2017-03-25 19:50:28
Dipikaarora1810
2649224
5.0
5/5 for this classy restaurant at Quest's top floor.. pinch in pocket 4/5 . Service was fast and good.. food tasted awesome and fresh.. loads of varieties on menu.. drinks are quiet high priced! The whole decor and ambiance is very classy..

##

2017-03-25 16:37:40
Rohan Bhowmik
32807994
5.0
You'll visit Bombay Brasserie and never like any other biryani restaurant again. 
Their biryani is simply the best biryani in Kolkata. 
Service and decor is also excellent.

##

2017-03-12 02:13:05
Luna Chatterjee (Madly_Food_Lover)
1304639
4.5
This outlet has relaunched their menu keeping in mind the vibrant Pan Indian tastes. So their idea is to recreate a menu that roughly covers the diverse tastes. So to start with you have the  soups like " cracking Tamatar soup". Then you have " Naga Ghost Wings" ( dish flavoured by Bhutan Jholakia), "Marathi Jhinga Mirch" and my all time favourite " Bengali Style fish fry" ( I highly recommend this).
Then you have some brilliant combos like " Bombay lunch with banana leaf rice and vegetable curry" , "Mario's Mango Prawn with coconut rice" " Coast to coast chicken with mixed seed rice" Mains include  "dhaba style chicken" ,, " Salli chicken" and "chicken tikka butter masala".
There is a variety of Biriyanis among which I prefer Nawabi Gosht.
For dessert I strongly recommend " Anglo Indian Bread Pudding".
Keeping in mind Indian love for tea they have a high tea menu with diverse tea for offering like  masala chai, Bombay monsoon chai, ,, Chandni chowk chai.
Another highlight of their menu are the pauwa cocktails , the high-end liquors. This this is a one stop eatery to satisfy all your culinary needs.
Location : Quest Mall
Pocket Pinch : ₹1800/- ( plus taxes)

##

2017-03-10 01:27:14
Chatterjee SM(Chatujjebabu)
2135434
4.0
While the subtlety of a classy decor and a soothing charm let your soul absorb to reach its rhythm divine, the taste and the presentation of the dishes bring an all new breeze that takes you back to the nostalgia, that you preserved as a prized memoir for sure...The College Canteen!!

Sounds interesting??!
Walk in at "Bombay Brasserie" to try the excusively crafted "Canteen Lunch Menu" they are catering to the 'city of joy'!!

Not only a place to munch on some delectable bites, but a place to gain an experience worth cherishing!

##

2017-03-08 11:38:03
Jude Martin (The Food Seeker)
1895578
4.5
On a sunday noon nothing can get better than visiting Bombay Brasserie ,on the 5th floor of Quest Mall ,Kolkata like i did.Ok so if you ask why is that so ? Well then let me tell you it has all the reasons to make you do so with its Signature Canteen menu which holds such a well selected and hand picked dishes from across the most popular canteens in India .The canteen dishes are selected from the menu of canteens like  Film Studio Canteen of Bombay, Bombay City Canteen, Old Madras Street Canteen, Punjab University Canteen, Jimmy’s Canteen, Patil House Canteen, Purani Dill, Ali Tikkawala and many more. The interesting part of these famous places and their canteen menu are that it excels from one another and it has no competition in the restaurant scene in terms of its food varieties which is a exceptionally wonderful and new to indulge in . Kolkata also has its very famous canteens spread all over the city and it has its own share of presence in the city so that is one reason why it is included in the other restaurant branches out of the city only just to make other city canteen menu options available here for the experience of a difference.
                                          ...

##

2017-03-07 17:55:08
Ninette Perez
36913149
4.5
Ambience excellent 
Food OK
Service, (besides one waiter among 5) excellent,  very nice people!
I do feel invited to go back. 
I was actually heading to The Irish House but the service was not nice and I was just looking at the menu!!! So I decided to leave and moved to Bombay Brasserie. As for me service is as important as food.

##

2017-03-07 15:13:58
Sayan Bakshi
1708792
4.5
Canteen! The word itself takes us down the memory lane of our school and college. Food at those canteens had always been our favorite. Lunch during the short breaks during school and college classes were like wonders to us! Eating together with friends, the tiffins, the fun everything correlates to the canteens! Such is the concept that Bombay Brasserie has come up with, the concept of Canteen Lunch wherein there is an wide array of food items from the old canteens of India. Conceptualizing the canteen lunch and along with using their imagination, the makers at the Bombay Brasserie takes the diners on a magical gastronomical journey, which not only takes them on a cultural view-through of the old Indian canteens but also makes them relish the food on their taste buds.
                                                                ...

##

2017-03-02 21:15:48
Rohon Ghosh
1651622
4.5
Lovely decor. ..I went this restaurant on a big family gathering. very good food slightly heavy on the pocket. . But that's common with most restaurants in Quest mall.

##

2017-02-23 22:36:02
Amit Madhogarhia
122949
1.0
Guys, just eating dinner and found HAIR in the starter as well as MAIN COURSE- MALAI KOFTA.  The managers have no concern. Please BEWARE when you eat.

##

2017-02-22 22:07:23
Nisha Gupta Roy
147528
4.0
When melt-in-the-mouth galauti kebabs arrive in front of you, accompanied by crunchy prawns and a sun downer, you're definitely not in Lucknow; but at Bombay Braisserie, who sure know to whip up the best and recreate delicacies from both North India and Lucknow. The biryanis are equally awesome. 
The interiors have been done up in a tastely form, and has a warm feel to it. 

If only the manager had handled my reservation, any better, on my anniversary, I would have given this place a full 5.

##

2017-02-21 15:02:52
Drishti
8486331
4.5
Loved the ambience and the decor ! 
The service was prompt . 
The staff members were very polite and helpful. 
The food was amazing. Would live to visit again . 
A perfect family restaurant !

##

2017-02-19 16:50:39
Jaydeb Bose
32381256
5.0
So today is my birthday and I decided to have my lunch here. Obviously when you come to a place like this you're obviously filled with high hopes. And boy I wasn't disappointed. The food,the staff and the decor and the ambience. Everything was just upto date,perfect 😌 The biryani and kababs are to die for ❤️ Will be back soon hungry for more 😋

##

2017-02-17 22:38:25
Piyasa Dey
2100060
4.0
Heard a lot about this place.. went ti Bombay Brasserie to celebrate a birthday occasion. Loved the ambience and decor specially the live kitchen counter is stunning. We ordered andhra chicken, chicken kashmiri, and nun. Each and every item was delicious and mouth watering. Nun was tender, chicken was juicy and soft. Quality is ok but the quantity is little less. Overall good experience we had.

##

2017-02-16 16:06:31
Dhruba  Basu
31855440
4.5
We went there for dinner yesterday all 4 of us are 70 years of age or more. The ambiance and food are incredibly amazing. The murg badami shorba and mutton sheekh kebab are just out of the world. Having lived in Kerala for 34 years, my wife and  I tried Kottayam fish curry and must say that we were not disappointed. Service too was 4 star. Would go back again.

##

2017-02-14 19:54:56
Bratati Gain
16286290
2.0
After reading a lot of good reviews i finally decided to go there with my friends. We ordered galawti kabeb which was pretty good but then we ordered peas pulao with dum ki nalli but when we ate it i was really bland . I literally couldnt pick up any taste in it. It was so horrible. Staff and ambience was relly good but food is even lower than average. Never going back again.

##

2017-02-11 17:27:09
Ritu
37914977
4.5
Went to bombay brasserie on my hubby's birthday. Loved the decor n the ambience. Service was prompt. 
All the dishes we tasted were great. The quantity given was sufficient too. 
Staff was courteous. 
Definitely gonna visit this place again. 
Great food n great ambience

##

2017-02-05 11:55:16
Koel
31467773
4.0
The four is for the courteous staff and the decor.lucknowi parath paneer was mouth watering but went disappointed with the Anglo Bangla fish fry.if one has a small appetite make sure you order carefully as the quantity is good enuf for three.unfortunately,I could not reach the main course as I was already full with starters.however my sweet tooth did not bow down so ordered a Shahi  tudka which was very appealing by the look....taste was not that good.hope to find some other dishes to explore on my next visit.

##

2017-02-03 10:25:49
Vishal Patodia
1526138
4.5
One of the best North Indian foods that I have had in Kolkata. Coupled with elegant service and composed environment. It is one place I would suggest for people with prefer a wholesome experience.

##

2017-01-31 04:52:13
Mayank Dutt Bhardwaj
2293168
3.5
I was looking for some good north Indian food restaurant in quest mall itself. Well, I bumped-in, bombay brasserie. Cool place! Relaxed ambience with nicely done interiors. As it was weekday I got the place very quickly. After going through the menu (though they have less item in vegetarian main course dishes), I headed for the main course direct and ordered badami benarsi kofta and dum ki kali dal with butter nan & chur chur parantha. Proportion of the food was nice and so was the presentation. Taste of food was nice, specially badami benarsi kofta, it was kind of sweet n spicy. Dal was good. Breads were not so great, butter nan were a bit chewy & thin, and chur chur parantha was mistaken by laccha parantha. Though taste of parantha was perfect. So overall it is ok kind of place to dine (for vegans). You can have good time with your family here.

##

2017-01-29 22:00:30
Ujjawala Agarwal
511054
2.0
Went with family for a Sunday dinner. The 2 points is only and only for the service. The server for our table was very attentive and suggestive. Food was not at all up to the mark. It was not stale or cold or bad just not worth it. I know a lot of other places where they serve much better Indian.
Update: I got a call from the restaurant that very night regarding the review and my experience. I liked that they care about the customers.

##

2017-01-25 23:52:24
Debali Mukherjee
33944006
4.0
Went to Bombay Brassiere for dinner tonight. Loved the décor with the live kitchen and great ambience. Service was also prompt.
We ordered salli chicken with breads-plain nan,amritsari aloo kulcha,khameeri roti,ulta tawa paratha,chur chur paratha. The food was delicious and the breads deserve a special thumbs up.

##

2017-01-23 11:20:57
Arumita Mitra
32078730
4.0
Well we heard a lot about this place but finally went with my family. We ordered fish tandoor and bhektis were really juicy and nicely prepared. We had nice galoti kababs as well. And tiger prawns 🍤 in tandoor style we ordered was also very good. Next in main course we ordered Nali ki curry, Goaneese Chikhen, lachha paratha, chur ki paratha, firni, coolfie, and tudka in dessert. 
Well we had a sumptuous meal..among all I would rank thebbest as tiger prawns tandoor and the naki ki curry as the curry had the perfect blend of the spices and the seasoning. 
Loved their food and ambience and would surely go again. Staff behaviour was also very good.

##

2017-01-21 23:41:21
Arka Bhattacharjee
1737273
3.5
This restaurant has a relaxed ambiance and seems popular with families having their late Sunday lunch. The food here was great. The buffet was very reasonably priced. The staff is well behaved. It has North Indian cuisine which is why it is always crowded.

##

2017-01-21 23:40:59
Kunal
15726649
4.5
Beautiful paintings on the wall, chandeliers hanging over the tables, serene music, a live kitchen section, warm hospitality and delicious food...everything sinks in in right proportions for a sumptuous meal.
-Lucknowi Paraath Paneer- Soft. Tender. Melts deep into a Paneer lover's heart! The best Paneer tikka I've ever had. An absolute must have!
- Dum ke kali dal- Smooth. Creamy. Highly recommended. Truly enraptured by its taste.
- Aloo Dum- Spicy. A fine mix of ginger and garlic brings about the best in it.
The best north Indian food I've had in recent times!

Ambience-4.5/5
Value for money-4.5/5
Service- 5/5
Quality-4.5/5

##

2017-01-21 19:16:54
Rupakk
31858218
2.0
It is located at the top of quest mall.
I went there with a high hopes
But it failed
We took chicken Sola kabab and seriously it was awesome 
Then we took biriyani and horrible it was
It was just rice with mutton curry 
We thought to take amritsari kulfi but we didn't because of this .
Don't go for biriyani

##

2017-01-14 10:30:13
Prosenjit Sircar
1079677
4.5
Very good good!! Galawti kebab is legendary here .. the shorba was amazing. The prawn tandoori which was probably the most expensive food item was good but not the value for money.. the kaali dal is the best in along time that I have had. To cap it off was the Amritsari kulfa which was good.

Service wise : very good. We were informed At the entry only that the restaurant charges service charge of 10%

Food quality :  North Indian fine dining - oudh1590 and Bombay brasserie are the best in kolkata.

Ambience: Good

##

2017-01-14 00:51:42
Divya Khettry
1930204
4.0
Been to this place quite a number of times. One of the best places for Indian Food In kol. 
The biryani is faboulous. I love the Gulaouti kabab. The ambience is quite classy.

##

2017-01-07 09:39:37
Shobhan Das
36860119
5.0
The ambience and the service was great.
They were very polite and described each dish we asked for individually.
Coming to the food, we ordered a starter, two types of biriyani(Indian Gosht Biriyani and Kesari Chicken Tikka Biriyani) and Lahori chicken as side dish.
All the dishes were well served and tasted delicious. Special note to the Indian Ghost Biriyani. It was extraordinary in taste and its the best biriyani I ever tasted.
This place is worth a visit. 

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*


Visited again on the day of Asthami.
Was delighted with their exquisite tastes and quality cocktails.
Rajputana Murg Soola Kebab is a must try at this place as appetizer.
Calcutta Club Fish Fry is delicious as well.
Drinks have always been their speciality.
And for the main course Nawabi Gosht Biryani has always been my regular item.
Ambeince and decorations as you know, are awesome, you'd really enjoy the time you spend here.
Highly recommend and will always come back for more.

##

2017-01-07 09:31:12
Sayanti Mitra Ghosal
1728592
4.5
Thumbs up to taste and presentation, very nice ambience,  little pricey, can be better in terms of quantity!! Tried their Galauti kebab , dhaba chicken, churchur paratha & chicken Biriyani...

##

2017-01-06 23:35:26
Arundhuti Ghosh
491422
4.0
Tried the anchari chicken biriyani and wasn't one bit disappointed.
5 out of 5 for ambience and setup. Pretty decor. Quality service. Quality food. Perfect for family lunch/dinner.
If you're fond of trying out different places to eat at, this one should be on your list.

##

2017-01-05 21:46:50
Abhik Banerjee
2189616
4.5
Great place to have authentic Northindian dishes. The ambience is nice ..decor is good, service is fine.we had ordered Galauti kebab , Peperwali Machhi , Tandoor Ka Badsha , 
The Galauti kebab was just too gud... perfectly spicy and mutton is softly cooked.
All in all a good place to have northindian good.

##

2017-01-04 23:01:36
Abhishek Chamaria
596825
4.5
Beautiful restaurant to visit with family, nice ambience as well as friendly staff.
Service is very good. Gun powder potato is amazing starter must try, presentation of romali roti is good enough. Open kitchen is very well maintained. These place can be visited again and again.

##

2017-01-03 21:46:56
Madhurima Samanta
1536953
5.0
It was new year afternoon when I came to this awesome restaurant! I had Non Veg Kabab platter, Ghost Biriyani,  Gajar Halwa and kesar Kulfa...Although the price is not that reasonable but a must visit place to try out their food..am in love with their Biriyani..it was light and very tasty..so their desserts were very delicious..everything was just next to perfect..So visit this place at least once! In love with their food...good going peeps!😊😊

##

2016-12-31 14:47:33
Rima Dhara
1796261
4.0
Went to this place for celebrating a special occasion. This place was good ambiance wise, situated on the 4th floor at quest mall. Food was tasty but quantity was less than the price. Mutton biriyani over here is now my fav biriyani in town. It's very juicy and meat was soft. Would suggest all to try the biriyani once.

##

2016-12-30 06:37:26
SOURAV
189442
4.0
The lights are nice the walls are full with photographs 

A well decorated place with a crafted environment. 

Drinks are not so cheap here but this place fills up for the price.

Try their kababs both veg and non veg

##

2016-12-25 12:08:27
Ananya Choudhuri
463610
4.5
Good food....awesome ambience...courteous staff...a place to be ..i have visited the place twice and its really good ...its gt a class..good northindian food+ awesome ambience ...loved it

##

2016-12-24 20:05:20
Pratim Mukherjee
32228028
5.0
This is My first-time I visited in Bombay brasseire restaurant at quest mall for celebrating my brother anniversary. The waiters are really helpful and courtious. We were really surprised when the manager serving us a complimentary anniversary dessert to us.

##

2016-12-24 19:39:58
Gaurav Gupta
37267458
5.0
Great welcome,Awesome food, Nice service.  good place to visit specially when you are hungry.......
I heard a lot about this place so thought to go ,we had a great time there

##

2016-12-24 09:36:09
Mayank Kedia
750081
1.0
We had the most terrible experience at this restaurant day before yesterday when I along with my entire family decided to dine here over our preferred choice of Zaranj, only coz on all our previous visits we have had a fantastic experience and got great service.

To start with the waitstaff Kaushik was most un-courteous when we requested him that we would like our food to be without ginger as it has been our condition always before we dine at any restaurant and we have had this service provided to us before at Bombay Brasserie also. Kaushik was point blank that sorry sir we can only provide two dishes and we cant do anything else. We further called the chef and told him that we had an expecting mother with us and her conditions needs to be met, the chef obliged us by providing a small portion of one dish just for her. 

But what had the tempers rolling was when we found a piece of stone in the biryani, the moment this was highlighted, Kaushik refused to attend the table and the manager Mr Santu Ghosh was shameless enough to say that sir we will provide a 10% discount. I mean is this what you do when such errors happen. The behavior of all your staff and team was pathetic and they were just keen on getting the bill paid with discount. Infact he was reluctant to admit his mistake and was telling us “Sir we cant do anything now, if you want you cant write on zomato about it”!!
 (I guess I am doing what he wanted)
Lastly when our waitstaff was changed to Indra, the finger bowls served was absolutely cold and when this pointed out to him, he said sir all have been given like this only. I fail to understand the complacency of such a restaurant which once was on my priority list of dining places. I have left a detailed letter with the staff to be handed over to the management and I hope this matter is escalated and looked at deeply.

##

2016-12-21 13:53:21
Neha Ghatak
32424206
4.0
I visited the place with my friends... Really loved the place...decoration and ambience perfect balancing with the yummy tasty food... First time I tried the Bombay style biriyani and it was really yummy.. The service was also good bt the best part was the complementary jalebi n rabri jst loved it...will surely visit the place again ..

##

2016-12-19 10:40:20
Sutrishnaa
2354338
5.0
Another amazing  restaurant in Kolkata.. I Visited to the place yesterday for dinner..ambiance is very soothing and I just love the interior..food is just perfect I had chocolate mochachino,Nawabi gosht biriyani,pudina Partha, galawti kebab, jalebi..all dishes are delicious and we'll presented..not so pricey..all staffs are very nice nd fast..overall It's a very good and sophisticated place to dine..will surely visit again..👍

##

2016-12-13 19:49:08
Nishtha Bhatia
34116230
5.0
Went there after the movie. We were really hungry and this place saved the. Their service is super fast. We had ordered paneer tikka butter masala,dum ke kali dal,lacchha paratha ,romali roti. Paneer was just out of the world. Dal was properly cooked and all the flavors were coming out really well. Rotis were soft. It was a nice experience.

##

2016-12-12 00:18:56
Salini Guha
31358194
4.5
We heard a lot about Bombay Brasserie so we friends thought of visiting this place as well. To tell the truth we are not at all disappointed. The waiters are really helpful and soft spoken. Needless to say that the food was amazing. The ambience was great too. The complementary jalebi with rabri made us happier. The refreshments were lovely too, took us to our childhood. The tangy orange candies, the imli candies and colourful sprinklers made us nothing but extremely satisfied and happy. Lastly I would say all of us are very happy with Bombay Brasserie.

##

2016-12-10 12:44:31
Vijay Laxmi Banerjee
1143190
4.5
Beautiful ambience with impeccable service and finally to top it up delicious food. I am certainly going back to try my hands on the rest of the menu.For starters we ordered  paperwali machi & hosseni boti which were both mouth melting. And for main course we ordered your famous salli chicken nd ended with the sweet note of hit jalebi nd rabbri, which was memorable. I loved the menu, nd certainly will come back to try the rest.kuddos guyz

##

2016-12-07 00:51:06
Sushmita Ghosh
2057934
5.0
One of the finest buffet in terms of taste and quality...typical Bombay canteen style presentation...I couldn't find any fault..it was just perfect...keep it up guys..!
Am visiting here soon again & that's for sure ☺

##

2016-12-06 23:55:03
Nilanjan Mahanty
33098858
5.0
I think after Barbeque nation today I ate such amazing buffet...all the items wr amazing and presentation and ambience of the place makes this place simply awesome to hang out....if you are a foodie you should visit here....grt experience....

##

2016-12-01 15:16:09
Sneha Agarwal
213619
3.0
The place is hyped.. ambience and presentation of the food is good but the quality of food needs improvement.. not too appealing to the tastebuds..

##

2016-11-28 22:35:13
Pratik Didwania
36885364
4.5
Amazing place to dine out be it ambience or food. Go for it. If you are a foodie and wanna have some tasty mocktail you wont get a better place than this.

##

2016-11-27 11:20:12
Debojit Paul
711157
4.0
Bombay Brasserie is good, is innovative & fun to be. Located within the quest mall, hence parking is not a problem. They have mastered the art of preparing the Indian desserts.

##

2016-11-27 00:34:07
Arijita
6306631
4.5
It's a wonderful place i visited.. uffff mutton galwati kabab just love it.. ambiance of this place appreciatable..❤

I was going there with my Chinese delegates. We had spent a good time and enjoyed the quality food.

##

2016-11-25 17:43:31
Ritusmita Biswas
16202178
5.0
Amazing food for the Indian food lovers. We started with their shorba (therapeutic I must say!) next in line was amazing lucknowi galawati kebab followed by paperwali machhi! tastes worth dying for i must say. Fitting end with Nawabi Biriyani - the ambience and taste in this place must say is wonderful.

##

2016-11-20 22:55:09
Sreeja Ray
36791541
4.5
Now here comes the review of the new menu of Bombay Brasserie Kolkata.. This is the 3rd time i am visiting the place.. The food was really good.. But i must say that their menu should have more options.. Before we used to get options.. But now its limited .. Specially for the veg people...
The small tit bits are the best .Specially the cheese chilly kulcha... Thats an Indian Cheese Ball... And absolute yummm...!!! Everyone will love that.. Especially the cheese lovers...!!!!!!! The stuffed mushroom starter was good... And the Spicy Mocktail of Guava was awesome... Last but not the least is the Dessert Delicacy of Ras e Aam... Rasgulla with rabri and mango... Too good it was...This restaurant is always best for plating... So... If you want an Indian delicacy.. You must try it...💝

##

2016-11-20 22:01:26
Anindita Pal
889634
4.0
I was planning to visit this place long back.., and it was my bday when i finally visited! A wonderful decorated place..nice ambience.. staff too coordinating! Food is 4/5 . Quantity could have been improved! I enjoyed the place though!

##

2016-11-11 22:58:04
Aditya Chanda
1326883
5.0
One of best restaurants of the city. Food is amazingly good mainly the biriyanis and the starters. Go for anything in the menu , that would be good. Ambiance is peaceful and very nice. Should definitely try this place.

##

2016-11-10 21:02:20
The Calcutta Foodie
36569739
4.0
Went here for the unlimited canteen lunch, the method of service is really innovative and the food is up to mark, taste wise it's brilliant! 

The service is very, very good but the service portions are small and there is an issue with recalling it again and again, felt weirdish (?) all in all, the canteen lunch is a good deal.

##

2016-11-07 13:57:20
Prîthà Màjümdêr
29785331
5.0
Went for dinner yesterday with my sisters..
Had an awesome exprience ..
I heard a lot about this place so thought to go...
And it was worth going..
The taste of the food was just amazing. The staffs are very frank and well behaved .. 
Had an tummy full dinner.

##

2016-11-05 21:49:46
Kushal Kanodia
16693018
3.0
The food was good. Have had much much better north Indian cuisine at better prices n much better service levels. The look is nice n spunky but the managers are pretty averagely trained. The feeling is not at all of a fine dining restaurant. They had a offer of a complementary dessert for billing above 1999, but we were not offered the same inspite of my polite prompt. Otherwise also the paneer tikka masala was just about average. The dal and chur chur naam was prety good. Worth trying once. Repeat visit will definitely not be planned in near future.

##

2016-11-03 12:13:16
Poush Chakra
14623831
3.0
SALAAM BOMBAY!

On Saptami of 2015, we thought of paying a Salute to Bombay via lunch at Bombay Brasserie after a tiresome pandal hopping. Since we were dead hungry, whatever we ate seemed satisfying. However an afterthought imprinted only the image of the Fried Ice-Cream that we had in dessert. The white smoke that was used for its presentation was a new thing for us.

My expectations of some Parsi food was not met.
The place had nothing Bombayesque about it excepting some framed photographs of Mumbai Dubbawalas.
Unfortunately it failed me to relive my years of childhood spent in Dadar, Mumbai... Bad luck!

##

2016-11-01 19:26:33
Samrat Banerjee
984442
3.5
Situated at the top floor of the high end Quest Mall, let's straight come to the pros and cons of this Tata owned, Northern Indian specialized restaurant.

Pros
Good, tasty North Indian food! Heaven for who like their Kaali daal/daal Makhni, their Chicken Tikka Masala and their tandoori roti and naan. The breads are served hot and fresh, the food just right in taste.

Prompt and attentive service. The server's are prompt and attentive without being overly interruptive. Good place for a either a business meet or a dine & wine with someone special. Ambience is nice, specifically the outdoor seating.

Cons: Price, price and price. Food is expensive, liquor is exorbitant! Average bill for 2, with just 1 drink and 1 main course+1 starter goes north of INR2700 because of the prices along with service charge (10%) and varied taxes. The liquor doesn't have any snacks also and any soft drinks/mixable are charged at the same exorbitant rate (Glass of Coke @90). For a place so exclusive atleast the mixable could be complementary! Portions in food are also very moderate, need to order quantity if you are dining in a group.

##

2016-10-31 16:11:55
Kushal Ruia
2884916
3.0
I had heard alot about this restaurant before gping. The expectations were quite high as per the reviews I got from my frinds and family. I was disappointed after I came out of that restaurant. The kaali which I heard to be one of the best didn't turn out to be such. The only thing which I had was up to the mark was their paneer tikka. The service there is not so good as qe expect from such a reputed restaurant. The ambience was good.

##

2016-10-29 17:44:44
Arpita Nandy Roy
713797
4.0
This place is awesome for quality indian food.Good Alcohol Menu and a nice array of Veg and Non-Veg dishes.I loved the Amritsari Macchi Tikka and the Hyderabadi Biriyani. Nice classy decor, perfect for a lazy afternoon lunch session with friends.The tall glasses of drinks are heavenly...All in All...Nice 👌

##

2016-10-23 19:49:34
Sagnik Sarkar
752330
3.5
On the top floor of quest mall this place mesmerizes you with the ambience they provide. Seating arrangements are good. Service also worth praising. The first point i liked is the drinking water pot with mint leaves in it, quite different and soothing. Coming to the food, we ordered chicken badam shorba which is not so good, i felt extra salty. The galawti kebab is a winner here, perfect blend of mutton, one of the best i had at kolkata. The salli chicken as main dish passed by full mark but please make sure people get what they order. Garlic naan as well as kulcha were ok-ish but khamree roti disappointed me. Overall i would say a high priced but average quality food. Need to improve guys.

##

2016-10-21 19:05:43
Vishal Kajaria
33565776
4.5
Had been here several times. One of my favourites. Visited again last Sunday for a lunch with friends. In starters we ordered paneer lucknowi paraath and tandoori aloo. The paneer was just awesome and a must have dish. The shikanji was also very good. In main course the black dal and pindi chana was very good with chur chur paratha and plain naan. Only the paneer sabji was very spicy which was not upto the mark. Rest all was just perfect

##

2016-10-21 16:28:45
Sunanda Ghosh
2720210
4.5
Indian cuisine does not get any better! Situated on the 5th floor of Quest Mall, Bombay Brasserie boasts of a soothing ambience and delicious and authentic Indian food. The mutton galwati kabab is hands down, the best one I have ever had in Kolkata...the soft meat and the layer of cheese stuffed in between combines to give a very delicious flavour. We also loved Tandoor ka Badshah...chicken leg marinated with youghurt and spices and grilled to perfection. For mains, we helped ourselves to Chilli Cheese Kulcha and Dilli Palak Chicken, deliciously spiced boneless chicken with green curry- impeccable! The desserts floored us- jalebis dipped in rabri and alfonso amraas topped rasagullas floating on a bed of rabri with pistachios...they had brought together the very best of Indian sweets! All this is sure to burn quite a hole in your pocket but the gastronomic experience is one to relish! Cheers!

##

2016-10-20 00:10:21
Soumyasree Chakraborty
257466
4.0
Visited this place with a group of friends on a weekday afternoon and was pretty amused to find the  place quite filled up even on a working day at lunch time. Fortunately we had our prior reservation. We tried their set menu which is served in an innovative  manner in canteen style (complete with roadside stall kind of tea glasses for soup and aluminium trays for chhole pav). The spread was pretty exhaustive. There was a fair selection of both veg and non veg items complete with prawn (chop kind) and chicken (kebab kind) in the starter menu and mutton (curry) and fish (gravy) in the main course. The staff and service were commendable.

##

2016-10-20 00:10:17
Sahil Kshetrapal
352577
4.0
There is an axis bank discount posted in the Zomato listing.. However when I checked with restaurant while paying the bill they simply denied this information. 4 stars for the food although

##

2016-10-18 21:55:46
Manojit Gupta
30200238
5.0
First a very comforting ambience.
Now the food excellent preparation cooked to perfection.the kababs were tender juicy n yummy.
We tried the bombay keema with pao the taste is awsome
Prawn dishes were too good.
The desert was awsome especilly the ras e aam.
Overall a great satisfaction.
Charges a bit on higher side considering its located in quest mall
A must try for foodies

##

2016-10-18 06:44:20
Sudarshana Ghosh
258748
4.5
Went there for lunch on a Monday and there was a set menu that we opted for. Starting with small prawn chops(a mashed potato with little of shtimps)stuff, succulent melt in your mouth chicken kebabs, tandoori aloo,paneer kebabs and a small concoction of chhole on strips of bed. There was the option of having chicken or tomato soup. I found the chicken soup served innovatively in small earthen glasses to be think and good. The main course had the tandoori roti butter nun and the oxymoron veg biryani to choose from. The fish came in think tomato puree laden dish, which all but killed the taste of the fish. The chicken main course dish was passable. The desserts were pudding; done in small glasses which were pretty interesting with a custard topping. There was also gulabjamun and chocolate bar ice cream. Overall a good food experience and likely to go back again.

##

2016-10-17 17:43:36
Manali Nandy
16380415
4.5
Went there for Nabami lunch and the food served were delicious. We were first offered festive special menu and from there we ordered mughlai paratha,hing lanka kasha mangsho(chicken)and since the option of rice mentioned there was not satisfactory we ordered chicken biryani.For drinks we ordered raspy orange,peach+lime sparkler and for dessert we ordered shahi tukra from a-la-carte menu as those were not in the festive menu. Coming to the quantity of food that was enough for 2 person.The taste of the food was also very yummy! Service is also quick and the decor is also impressive. A place worth to visit for and would definitely like to revisit :)

##

2016-10-15 23:08:58
Mehal Dokania
878448
4.0
Went here for dinner on a Saturday night. Had to wait for some time before getting a table. But after that everything was perfect. Amazing ambience, well decorated interiors and exteriors. 10/10 for the service- quick, polite and very efficient. Coming to the food, I really can't pick any negatives. Had the stuffed aalo and the shikhampuri kabab. The aaloo was well made and tasty. The shikhampuri kabab but nothing memorable. The benarsi kofta and the tarkari masaledar were excellent. Absolutely loved the breads especially the famous Chur Chur paratha and the Hara pyaaz paratha. 
This place should definately be on the wishlist of every North Indian food lover.

##

2016-10-15 21:48:27
Paridhi Kariwala || Foodie Souls
4909821
4.5
Went there on my dad's birthday, a nice and a serene place to visit. On the high side in terms of price but the ambience, the food, the service, everything was up to the mark. Had ordered Soup and a starter which has a very fine taste to it. Following the main course, I really like the Dal and the Sirka Onion Panner veggies accept the Mushrooms they were quite sweet in taste. The best part of the meal was Vegetable Biryani which was really amazing. The smoky flavours and the fine mint taste added a different taste altogether.

With rustic and old interiors which added the charm of North India. Overall I liked the place, and would love to visit again.

##

2016-10-14 14:28:50
Aman Singh Arora
15644423
4.0
Everything is perfect here except one : Prices. Little bit over the top. 10/10 place for Food and hospitality. Slightly overpriced, breads are  little expensive. Otherwise perfect. :)

##

2016-10-14 00:42:02
Rusha Mandal
8872441
4.5
Amazing experience. Food quality, ambiance is great. Very friendly staff. We went there for lunch. Kababs were great. Main dish we had biriyani and dhaba chicken, all of which were great to have. Dessert was mouth watering

##

2016-10-13 14:53:50
Veronica Saha Ray Chowdhury
229245
4.5
A very nice and charming place,always less crowded,in a mall like quest this seems like a secluded place,good lighting and decor.courteous staffs.

Coming to the main part "food" it's very good,in taste,freshness,quantity and quality.

And the presentation too is beautiful.

##

2016-10-13 12:41:02
Arpita Agarwal
998579
5.0
I think it's the best place for North Indian in the city. Even the ambience is great and the staff is very courteous and constantly around for help. The chicken was prefect! Succulent and tasty! Even the rotis were just fabulous. The garlic naam was thin and crisp, which was very different from any where else. But the highlight was the churchur paratha. Too good!

##

2016-10-12 18:32:30
Piyanka
1542061
5.0
Awesome food and service. Ambience is gud too. I always order cheese naan here which is best serverd here in the city. Best place to have North Indian

##

2016-10-12 17:57:03
Sweta Agarwal
507223
5.0
Have been here many times. The food never disappoints.. hope they keep it up. Quality and taste..good on both counts. Staff is very attentive and courteous.

##

2016-10-11 23:51:12
Soumik Das
33849571
4.5
Nice place with good food.The restaurant is nicely decorated.The food is great as well as the service by the waiters are very nice.Galoti kebabs as well as the biryani is good.I recommend everyone to try Galoti Kebabs and Biryani

##

2016-10-11 20:43:23
Himadri Karmakar
3200546
4.5
Good experience in the afternoon of Nabami. We reached late (around 4 o'clock) that's why we had to order everything at once...but that's not a downside from their part.  Apart from that we had a great time. The chairs are comfortable, well behaved staffs and most importantly, good food.  we ordered Galaouti Kebab,  moorg soola kebab as starters and dhaba chicken with tandoori roti as main course. Fresh lime soda could be made better. 
Galaouti Kebab: 5/5
Moorg soola kebab: 4.5/5
dhaba chicken: 4/5

##

2016-10-11 20:36:21
8100323300a
1858442
4.0
Amazing food the Indian is great the paneer items specifically are great. The paneer  is soft and tasty. I really loved the starters specifically the dal is amazing. Overall a good experience.

##

2016-10-09 16:46:57
Chitralekha Chatterjee
628882
5.0
Quality food and ambience . 
Fish starters are worth mentioning . Don't forget the to try the crab . Check out the Pujo special menu in case you are visiting in Pujo . 
Must have : Anglo Bangla Fish Fry 
Not so great : Nawabi ghost Biriyani

##

2016-10-06 08:45:03
Monami Chatterjee
32193753
5.0
On Chaturthi we decided to visit here to have some indian food. It was completely different from stereotype indian khana like chicken tikka masala, butter chicken bla bla bla. One of the staffs suggested us to try a persi chicken dish(forgot the exact name), jaipuri pulao etc. So, it was really very nice to have something different. I am not very fond of Indian food just because the other restaurants made me feel bored with their stereotype north indian menu. When the food arrived and I took the 1st bite I saw that the pulao was less sweet than it was expected to be. The staff told me that he asked the cook to make the pulao less sweet as I was discussing with my mom that I don't like sweet pulao type dish.OMG!! Really this restaurant has earned my respect. 😎😎😎😍😍😍

##

2016-10-03 12:25:00
Rukshana Kapadia
168480
3.5
As far as we can back trace wine has been consumed by man for over 8000 thousand years and its global popularity can certainly not be doubted. It is a drink that has in recent years also become rather popular in India and this popularity continues to grow. I am not much of a drinker but I love paring good food with wine as it is very versatile and certainly enhances and heightens flavors when paired well. We were invited by United Sprits for a wonderful dinner at Bombay Brasserie to introduce The Limited Edition Four Seasons Vintners Reserve Wine (2011) on Saturday 24th September 2016 and had a delightful evening.
                                                                ...

##

2016-10-03 00:10:13
Sreetamaa Gupta
765403
4.0
The best gilawati in town. The mutton kebabs were chewy however the malai murh tikka was perfection ! Dont exoect the calcutta biriyani... but what comes in that pot has a persinality of its own...taste aroma and bliss..

##

2016-10-02 23:05:30
Piyas Roy
51268
4.5
'Bombay Brasserie
' is located on the 5th floor of Quest Mall near Beck Bagan,just beside The Irish House.First of all the ambience of this restaurant is good & well decorated.I'd visited here two days ago with my lover for lunch.Atfirst We ordered  'Margarita' & 'Raspy Orange' as Mocktail.Both are very tasty.Then We ordered  'Murg Soola Kebab' as a starter,Its taste delicious,chicken is too soft & juicy.they served four pieces chicken marinated with masala.Then we ordered 'Nawabi Ghost Biryani','Dhungar Maas' & 'Chur Chur Paratha'.Biryani is unique tasty,full flavour of rose water,mutton pieces are very soft.Dhungar Maas is a mutton gravy preparation,spicy gravy with 6 pieces soft mutton,gravy is also tasty.Chur Chur Paratha is also tasty.Atlast we ordered  'Paper Baked Chocolate Pudding' & 'Amritsari Kulfa' as desserts.They served kulfi with falooda & rabri.Both are mouth licking.Quantity is also good.Their food presentation is also good.Price is expensive.They charged extra 10% service charge.Overall very good experience.

##

2016-10-09 16:46:57
Chitralekha Chatterjee
628882
5.0
Quality food and ambience . 
Fish starters are worth mentioning . Don't forget the to try the crab . Check out the Pujo special menu in case you are visiting in Pujo . 
Must have : Anglo Bangla Fish Fry 
Not so great : Nawabi ghost Biriyani

##

2016-10-06 08:45:03
Monami Chatterjee
32193753
5.0
On Chaturthi we decided to visit here to have some indian food. It was completely different from stereotype indian khana like chicken tikka masala, butter chicken bla bla bla. One of the staffs suggested us to try a persi chicken dish(forgot the exact name), jaipuri pulao etc. So, it was really very nice to have something different. I am not very fond of Indian food just because the other restaurants made me feel bored with their stereotype north indian menu. When the food arrived and I took the 1st bite I saw that the pulao was less sweet than it was expected to be. The staff told me that he asked the cook to make the pulao less sweet as I was discussing with my mom that I don't like sweet pulao type dish.OMG!! Really this restaurant has earned my respect. 😎😎😎😍😍😍

##

2016-10-03 12:25:00
Rukshana Kapadia
168480
3.5
As far as we can back trace wine has been consumed by man for over 8000 thousand years and its global popularity can certainly not be doubted. It is a drink that has in recent years also become rather popular in India and this popularity continues to grow. I am not much of a drinker but I love paring good food with wine as it is very versatile and certainly enhances and heightens flavors when paired well. We were invited by United Sprits for a wonderful dinner at Bombay Brasserie to introduce The Limited Edition Four Seasons Vintners Reserve Wine (2011) on Saturday 24th September 2016 and had a delightful evening.
                                                                ...

##

2016-10-03 00:10:13
Sreetamaa Gupta
765403
4.0
The best gilawati in town. The mutton kebabs were chewy however the malai murh tikka was perfection ! Dont exoect the calcutta biriyani... but what comes in that pot has a persinality of its own...taste aroma and bliss..

##

2016-10-02 23:05:30
Piyas Roy
51268
4.5
'Bombay Brasserie
' is located on the 5th floor of Quest Mall near Beck Bagan,just beside The Irish House.First of all the ambience of this restaurant is good & well decorated.I'd visited here two days ago with my lover for lunch.Atfirst We ordered  'Margarita' & 'Raspy Orange' as Mocktail.Both are very tasty.Then We ordered  'Murg Soola Kebab' as a starter,Its taste delicious,chicken is too soft & juicy.they served four pieces chicken marinated with masala.Then we ordered 'Nawabi Ghost Biryani','Dhungar Maas' & 'Chur Chur Paratha'.Biryani is unique tasty,full flavour of rose water,mutton pieces are very soft.Dhungar Maas is a mutton gravy preparation,spicy gravy with 6 pieces soft mutton,gravy is also tasty.Chur Chur Paratha is also tasty.Atlast we ordered  'Paper Baked Chocolate Pudding' & 'Amritsari Kulfa' as desserts.They served kulfi with falooda & rabri.Both are mouth licking.Quantity is also good.Their food presentation is also good.Price is expensive.They charged extra 10% service charge.Overall very good experience.

##

2016-10-01 01:48:37
Sayantani Sen
33029425
3.5
This was the only restaurant in Quest Mall waiting to be ticked off our "to visit" list, so we decided to give it a shot one evening. The name of the restaurant itself was quite intriguing so I decided to look it up and found that a 'brasserie' is a French style restaurant that serves simple and inexpensive food and the word brasserie is derived from brewery. Well, assuming google is right, the name of the restaurant is a complete misnomer because there is nothing simple or inexpensive about the food they serve. Nor is it in any way French, but I suppose the word 'Bombay' is supposed to take care of that. Most of the food they serve is mughlai though, so I have no idea where Bombay fits in either.
We started with the murgh badami shorba which was a chicken almond soup. It was quite good. We had gulawati kebabs and anglo bangla fish fry with that. We did not like either. The gulawati kebabs were soft and melt in the mouth, but they were devoid of any taste whatsoever unless you count the fact that they were very very hot. The anglo bangla fish fry with its hot and spicy marination was not much of an improvement on the fish fry you get in road side shops. The classic mojito was the only life saver although for some reason it came with two straws! Apparently they confused one of the straws with a stirrer. So much for classy restaurants! We had the paper back chocolate pudding for dessert. That was very yummy. It was basically a crumbly mass of chocolate fudge with vanilla ice cream, I am not sure why it is called a pudding.
The decor is nice, the waiters are polite and obliging. The service is prompt. The expenses are slightly on the higher side. I can not recommend the food too much.

##

2016-09-28 13:52:13
Avradeep Datta
875581
4.0
Finally had a chance to visit this place with a few of my foodie friends and the experience was really refreshing and enjoyable. 
The place is decorated with great pictures on white walls with nice pastel shaded couches and chairs. Lighting is bright and warm. Beautiful place to have dinner in.
But Bombay Brasserie is not only about looks. It offers you some amazing food to go with the decor. For the starters we had the lucknowi paraath paneer, mughal sarai ke bhare aloo, hyderabadi  chicken and paperwali machchi. 
The Hyderabadi chicken was soft and had a distinct spicy curry leaves flavour, the paperwali machchi was very similar to the parsi cult patrani machchi but I felt a better choice of fish would have done wonders for the dish. The bhare aloo was tasty with a filling having lots of nuts! But the stand out dish was the Lucknowi paneer! It was cheesy, it was creamy it was everything that would make one drool! Wow!
The mains were brilliant as well with chilli cheese kulcha, Amritsari aloo kulcha, choor choor paratha and a sabzi pulao. Though all of them tasted very good but special mention must be made of the choor choor paratha and the really light and perfect sabzi pulao. 
We paired the above with Dilli palak chicken brilliantly done with an excellent balance of flavours! I had 3 helpings of the gravy! The desi mutton masala was one of the most perfectly cooked mutton dishes I have seen in a while. The kaali dal, the paneer sirka payaz as well as the chana were tasty as well.
For the dessert we had 3 types of firni and jalebi . the jalebi wasn't good. It was too sweet and too dry at the same time. The firnis on the other hand having nuts, rose and gulkand and chikki were just right. Enjoyed all 3. 
A special mention must be made of the bartender's special cocktail. A berry and vodka heavy concoction that will keep you coming back for more. 
The service of Bombay Brasserie is exemplary to say the least. A must visit place if you love your Indian. Prices are a bit on the higher side but you won't regret it. Happy Eating.

##

2016-09-28 11:49:57
Shamoita Bose
334351
4.5
Have been intrigued by the name of this restaurant for long, and recently had the opportunity to visit Bombay Brasserie with my dear foodie friends. The decor is very fresh and upbeat and the restaurant very spacious. Love their wall with picture frames and shelves with copper jars. 
Coming to service, I found the staff very courteous and extremely cooperative and polite. Even after annoying them will silly requests all evening they were nothing but smiles.
The highlight of the experience was, without a doubt, the food. For starters we had Paraath Paneer, Mughal Sarai ke Bhare Aloo, Andhra Chicken and Paperwali Machhi. All were delicious to say the least, but i shall still pick favourites. The Paraath Paneer was heavenly, soft almost cheesy. The Fish had an interesting mix of spices covering the fillet which was fresh by itself. Coming to the mains we had Pateeleywale Chole and Paneer Sirka Pyaaz for Vegetarian choices along with  Tadakewali Dahi and Kaali Dal. For non-vegetarian choices we had Dilli Paalak Chicken and Desi Mutton Masala. Now for main course it is hard for me to pick favourites cause I loved them all. Still would rank the Pateeleywale Chole the highest cause it tasted surprisingly different from any other Chole I have ever had. The Mutton comes second being spicy, juicy and tender. We were served the mains with three kinds of breads - Amritsari Aloo Kulcha, Chilli Cheese Kulcha, Chur Chur Parantha and I must say all were equally good. The Jaipuri Subz mewa pulao too was very well matched with the mains. 
Finally for dessert we had jalebi and Trio of Firni. the jalebi was a bit too sweet for my palate. The trio of Firni comprised firni of three distinct flavours - one with pistachios, with rose and gulkand, and the other with (chikki) caramelised peanuts. I personally loved all three equally. 
This place is a wonderful choice for family dinner, or for a date or even for a simple lunch out. Prices are to the higher end but the food is really worth it. I was overwhelmed by the vegetarian dishes which is something coming from me. Bombay Brasserie lives up to all expectations. A must visit :)

##

2016-09-26 16:47:15
Varsha Agarwalla
30637021
4.0
Love their food. Quantity and quality both are great.  You can have their breads even without the vegetables.  Food is a must try for every foodie. They have a new version for lacha paratha like kurmura paratha, cheese naan. Everything is good

##

2016-09-23 00:14:48
Dr. Anupam Das
3182080
5.0
Went to this place with my friends..and undoubtedly this is one of the best indian cuisines i have ever had in Kolkata. Wonderful ambience..great food. Had Classic Mojito. Starters : prawn thecha, murg soola kabab, amritsari machhi tikka, nawabi gosht biryani, salli chicken..eah and every dish was mouth watering! Strongly recommended to everyone..can't wait to visit this place once again!

##

2016-09-18 21:00:27
Sayani Ghosh
1350048
4.5
Best North Indian I have ever tested.... Galoti kebabs were just wow!! It's melts like yuum..other than we had keema moghlai, soola chicken. Those were absolutely great.

##

2016-09-18 00:27:07
Siddhartha Das
1225891
4.5
Our initial destination was Mumbai Local, a nice small joint that had opened up nearby Quest Mall. But once we reached there did we realize that it was a vegan only place where they serve good drinks. Well that was not the combination we were looking for. 

So we talked and walked our way to Quest Mall. We always had it in the back of our mind that Irish House is where we can go to. But once we reached the place, we liked the music being played at Bombay Brasserie and wanted to continue with this "Mumbai/Bombay" journey in Kolkata. So decided to have our celebratory dinner in this place. 

The ambience of the place is amazing. The roof is adorned with chandeliers, whereas the walls are covered with beautiful small paintings. Different kinds of seating arrangements were there. We got ourselves a table near the kitchen, giving us the opportunity to interact with the Chef

Since the menu of the place was totally Indian, we decided to have 1 dish of known history and other to be something new. Accordingly we ordered the following

- Andhra Chicken
- Chicken Tikka
- Lucknowi Murgh Qorma
- Salli Chicken

Andhra Chicken had a unique taste and I believe it pertains to how a tandoori chicken is cooked in that part of the country. Likewise, Lucknowi Qorma had a sweet curry but overall the taste was good. What we found disappointing was the serving was small compared to the prices they were changing. Filling they were but not fulfilling. 

For the beverages, we ordered the following
- Baileys
- Classic Mojito Mocktail
- Peach Margarita Mocktail

Quite refreshing they were. But they did have in stock a lot of the popular and good scotch. 

The service staff was excellent and had helped us a lot with the menu. They timed their servings pretty well and we did not have to ask for food at any point of time. The crowd was calm and engaged. The music again uplifted the mood. 

I think this is one of the best places in Kolkata to go for a fine dining experience.

##

2016-09-14 11:29:04
..
848664
4.0
To begin with, i have no idea why some of my fellow foodies have stereotyped this place as a "DATE PLACE" it astounds me, nevertheless this place to me is a hearty concoction made of good food, hospitability, the ambience is just like a serenade of calmness and poise, the caged chandeliers add a distinct touch to the aura of the place.

The food is delicious, the dal makhani is creamy and is made to the right consistency to appease the palate, the gosht biriyani has tender pieces of meat , the desserts especially the paper baked chocolate pudding and the Amritsar kulfi are the favorites.
In totality, for a good meal with your family and loved ones head on straight to the Bombay Brasserie.

##

2016-09-13 15:44:21
Kanishk Toshniwal
1125210
5.0
It's one of the great date place . Had come here for my date. The interiors of the place were superb . The blue and white colour combinations was amazing .. The food is prized according to the standards of the place and superior taste .. The dal makhani .. Mumbai Wala bhel.. Paneer lababdar were ordered by me . 
Recommended

##

2016-09-13 13:14:08
Sunny Dey
606352
4.5
Visited there with friends. V ordered the lunch unlimited NV. They served us the mumbai wala Bhel, chat Pav bhaji ..and continues with the main course. The dal makhni was really mouth watering. And other dishes too.

##

2016-09-12 11:20:19
Shreya Som
447424
4.5
Since Bombay brasserie opened it has been a favourite spot.
This place can be put into the most romantic places to eat category at least for me it has always been a great date destination.
The white and black interior is chic and the large chandelier is one eye catcher.
The classy and sober decor are quite soothing ambiance always wins my heart..This place is just perfect for a great conversation over a great food.
Bombay Brasserie serves great north Indian and lucknowi cuisines..I almost love their both non veg and veg items.
Some recommendations are - BHINDI MASALA,MAKKHAN METHI MUTTOR,GALAWATI KABAB,NAWABI GHOST BIRYANI,JEERA RICE,CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA.
All of the above items are sheer fantastic and pleases your taste buds at infinity.
But I'm disappointed with their service it's slow and inactive.. people over there doesn't have interest to serve customers apart from that all in all Bombay Brasserie is a win win deal.
Bit of an pricy place but the quantity and quality they provide doesn't have any further doubts on it.

##

2016-09-11 18:29:24
Saurav Dugar
740743
4.5
Amazing Indian food! Very well prepared menu too. Must try amongst all the other restaurants in the quest mall. Do try the chur chur roti.. It's delicious with black dal :)

##

2016-09-08 10:19:48
Sss
4455121
4.0
Ambience and decor was quite attractive.....service was prompt.Also love their cutlery.Coming to food....great menu n amazing food.Another wonderful place to have north indian.
And at the end of the meal they serve u with little orange candies n small popies in a small paper cone which remind not u but also ur parents of their childhood.

##

2016-09-05 14:07:05
Sushmita Gupta
15662105
5.0
I just love Bombay brasserie 😍 finally the best place to have North Indian ! In Kolkata Guys just trust this place Coz it ll never disappoint u ! Decor too good , it's expensive no doubt Coz it's in Quest mall , but the food is so good that I keep coming here with my loved once ! Drinks are nice , coming to their food I had 2 types of non vegetarian kebabs one was murg sulah kebab which just melted in my mouth u can't leave this place without trying this and yes u ll thank me 😆 for recommending this for u and the second kebab was punjabi wch I don't remember it was fine then I had their famous Dum Chicken biryani and Dum Mutton Biryani ... It was so tasty guys I can't tell u , meanwhile I tried their Blue Bloom wch is sweet but good overall a good luxury dining experience with BB 🍺

##

2016-09-01 12:55:33
Subarna Sarkar
29043597
3.0
Having heard so much about this restaurant and it being the only speciality restaurant Sayantani and I hadn't tried at Quest... we had dinner last night there.... and it wasn't really upto the standard we expected it to be... the chicken shorba was nice, we ordered Mutton Gawlati Kebab... claimed to have been invented for a toothless Nawab... it wasn't great... not even good.... and kind of tasteless and hot.... not fit for anyone.. let alone a nawab. The Anglo Kolkata fish fry came with a lot of anticipation but it was again a downer. The marinade had not properly seeped in to the fish.... and I don't really like chopped onions in the marinade... 
The upshots were.... the virgin mojitos... but the funniest thing was they gave us two straws in it..
One for drinking the mojito and wait for it.... one to stir it with... it was hilarious!!! The paper baked chocolate pudding with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce was delicious too!!!! Yummm.... Sayantani Sen

##

2016-08-31 01:52:51
Pamela Nandi
2821382
4.0
Great food and lovely ambience with a theme of blue color all around. Went one Sunday evening to try out the mouth watering kebabs. What attracts me is the way the lamb chopsticks are garnished. First eat by eye and then.....😀

##

2016-08-21 01:01:16
Rohit Golani
466189
4.5
We always look forward to eating at this restaurant as the food never seems to disappoint us. The lighting is very elegant, good open feel with a bar and open view of the kitchen. It's easier to get seats on Weekdays but Weekends are crowded and its better to reserve your seats in advance if you hate waiting. 

Now coming to the food
For the non veg eaters Sally chicken and paperwali machchli is a must try. The fish is so tender and soft that its hard for me to explain in words and can only be enjoyed if tried. 

For the veg eaters paneer sirka pyaz and dum ki kaali daal would be good options. 
Also the Indian garden salad is a must have. You are sure to order another plate.

Do try the peach & lime sparkler drink as well which has quite a refreshing taste.

The only dampener is the type of add on taxes, which works out to 16% on the food bill, which is over and above the Vat charges of 14.5%. So effectively be prepared to shell out 30% extra on the food bill.

My overall score for this restaurant is 9 on 10.

##

2016-08-17 16:43:49
Ayan Chakraborty
499451
3.5
Good ambience, great food but a bit of a let down on service. 4 of us went for dinner on the evening of 15th July with some out-of-town guests. We had reserved a table and turned up at the right time. But we still had to wait for about 10 minutes. Ordered a bottle of red wine while waiting so that it would be served by the time we were seated. But after we were seated we were told that that that particular wine wasnt available. So we settled for something else. Even that took some time to come. Ordered Galawati Kababs and Prawn Thecha to go with the wine as starters. Both dishes didnt disappoint. The Galawati was perfect - succulent, juicy and came with mini parathas. The Prawn Thecha had the right amount of bite and crunch. For the main course we ordered Butter Naans and Nizaami Sheekh Kababs. It turned out to be an excellent choice. Ordered another Butter Naan midway but again service let us down very badly. The Butter Naan arrived after we had almost finished dinner. For dessert we wanted to have the Kulfa (Kulfi with rabdi) but the waiter said it wasnt available. So settled on Zaafran Tukda instead. Which was quite good. I would recommend the restaurant to anyone who wants to have good Indian kababs and curries. A bit expensive but worth it. Only if you choose to overlook the service part.

##

2016-08-17 04:46:09
Harshsinghi1234
29123549
4.5
The ambience of the restaurant is nice. The food quality is excellent. The staff is courteous and well trained. The Black dal was rich and met my expectations. However we waited for around 20-25 min to be seated. So I would advise to plan accordingly if visiting during the weekends.

##

2016-08-14 22:11:08
Anirban Paul
35444964
4.5
Located at the quest mall 5 th floor, it's one of the high end restaurants in town to offer mouth watering oudhi food.
Ambience is great, perfect for a romantic dinner wd loved ones, staff is very very helpful n polite.
The galauti kebabs r a must try, so r the traditional yet innovative desserts.d alcohol collection is good too.
A must try fr those who r looking fr food closer to the taste arsalan like mid ranging places offer, yet want d swanky atmosphere.

##

2016-08-13 18:58:56
Archita Chanda Ray
939260
4.5
Finally managed to have a meal here and it was totally worth it. A very special mention for the Galawati Kebabs, so delicious it could be a meal on its own. We tried the kali dal and dhaba chicken with some roomali and  ulte tawe ka paratha and loved it . The ulte tawe ka paratha is not something we get to see at the Indian restaurants here. Overall it was a great meal and I hope to try out few more dishes soon.

##

2016-08-12 14:58:33
Shibam Halder
34980528
5.0
Good food is just a normal thing here. Nobody can claim anything wrong about the food. And ya food are served marvellously too.
Now from an art fanatic, the paintings and deco and interiors were all superb.

##

2016-08-08 22:31:48
Tulika Bagaria
34947441
4.5
Lovely food. Excellent service. Always a pleasure!! Very yummy food. And manages to keep tummy light as well. Must go if you haven't gone yet!!

##

2016-08-07 01:42:02
Akansha Naredy
576707
4.0
No, I'll not deny it is one of my favorite places in Kolkata. 
Yes, I'm biased and unabashedly so. 

I've been here a couple of times and every time I left, I felt I put on 5 pounds because well, it's okay to be fat but unacceptable to let go of the opportunity to eat such delicious food. 

The biriyani is really light, and the kebabs are beautiful. The huge selection of breads never fail to impress me and I make it a point to always try a new variety whenever I'm there. And oh, oh, the delicate desserts and the burst of flavors they come with. Yum!
One little complain will be however, that the papad Ki tokri is a disappointment. It doesn't include the range the menu promises, and the service tends to get slow during peak times. 

Aside from that, I see no reason to complain. Just run!

##

2016-08-06 19:33:06
Satyapragya Lakhotia
35469495
5.0
Amazing North Indian food with mouth watering drinks !! Loved the ambience and the decor which gives a royal look . One of the best North Indian food they serve. Loved it !!

##

2016-07-29 02:01:54
Harsh Kumar Gupta
1131901
5.0
Went to thus place a couple of days back. Well, this place is simply amazing. Food quality, taste, quantity are really good. Ambience is soothing. Staffs are really cooperative and well mannered.
Overall, it's one of the best restaurant to have North Indian food. Will surely be coming back to this place soon. 👌

##

2016-07-28 22:32:08
Jayita Dey
34602857
2.0
3rd clss resturant...tasteless food...wadte of money...i tried canteen style food..items and food taste both were below average. ...dont go.

##

2016-07-27 13:45:58
DEBAYAN DATTA
35393605
5.0
Superb place.....  Dum Ki Nalli was excellent.... have it with chur chur paratha and you will have a feeling of paradise within you.......  End your meal with Rasse Aam.....

##

2016-07-26 23:29:40
Tejas Singhania
35164137
4.0
A nice place...a ambience is also good...sort of a family place. The food is good. The non-veg items on the menu are better than the veg ones. Good for family dinners as well.

##

2016-07-23 21:45:04
Prateka Gupta
34444364
5.0
Oh my god I discovered a new place for vegetarian people and this is my new favorite restaurant ! Completely loved the ambience , quality of food, quantity of food and staff ! The staff were so good and proactive and the service was so quick that you will throughly enjoy this place. I loved Kali dal and roti! I tried starter shubz shikampuri kebab and it's out of the world ! So far my best place for veg in Kolkata

##

2016-07-18 21:11:04
Hrichik Chatterjee
29238313
4.5
Location: Quest Mall.
Food: More than delicious. 

Bombay Brasserie is very high rated restaurant. But the food is really worth it. I have eaten here just once. The ambience is amazing. I had Galawati Kabab and Barra Kabab in the starter. Then Chicken Tikka Butter Masala and Lucknowi Murgh Qorma with Tandoori Roti in the main course.
A perfect dinner destination for mughlai lovers.

##

2016-07-13 21:16:09
Ankit Saraogi
1097727
4.0
Simply ... Nice Place to have dinner with family.
Ambiance is quite nice, very positive giving vibes.
Service is good.
USP - baraf gola
Food is quite good, from soup to starter to main course.
Biryani is very nice.
A regular place to visit.

##

2016-07-07 03:37:52
Rishu Agarwal
29319200
4.5
Classy ambience, nice decor, glittery yellow lights combining blue with it, cage like bulb holders, full bar with sitting, open kitchen view, walls done with light soothing shade and with good laminated pictures, round tables, simply superb interiors, sitting arrangement with partitions having sofas and chairs both, with an outside sitting even with few flower pots not hidden but a sparkling gem in the city.

Located inside very famous quest mall on the 5th floor, right hand side from the stairs, very easy to locate.
Coming to food so it was tempting, mouthwatering, prompt service, nicely served ya the waiters, good listeners, well trained to serve and deal with customers. We ordered for paneer sirka pyaz which was with pieces of cottage cheese nd small onions dipped in vinegar, onions were sour in taste nd paneer was toasted with gravy having flavour of chillies, tomatoes an cumin seeds, mouth watering it was, quantity was even good for two people accompanying it we have ordered for chur chur paratha which us their speciality nd just like everything it was actually special with a pattern if laccha paratha but very crispy to have, chilli cheese naan was even too good nicely flavoured with green chillies. I'm not a biryani person my friend enjoyed it but loved the way they served biryani, like in the small handi with roti stuck in it.
Best thing i fond was types of candies nd fennel they serve in small paper cones, after meal, loved it, something different.

A place must to visit, try once and for sure you'll even b the regular one.

##

2016-07-03 20:25:50
Nitesh Rungta
26826
4.0
Went there twice... first time was superb food... second was much recent visit and food was below par! Shocking for everyone but it was the case.. still would give high marks as they are definitely gonna bounce back.. called the chef and gave him the review personally and he took it well...

##

2016-07-03 10:33:14
Pranay Kejriwal
31226732
3.5
Nice place in quest for North Indian food option..Variety of good starters along with main course..Dum Biryani is a must try for all..Good decor and nice ambience..Only problem is of staff ie poor service and Infact they were too lazy to attend people!!

##

2016-07-02 21:58:38
Aryyabrata Paul
1100006
4.5
Visite Bombay Brasserie for lunch with a friend on a Friday. As luck would have it, didn't have to wait to be seated. The interior has a charm despite being relaxed and minimalist, so a plus there.
The staff is courteous and the service is prompt. The wait time was hardly 10 minutes.
Now the most important part, the food. Ordered Prawn Kohliwada, Panchphoron chicken, Bombay Biriyani and Dungar Maas. Prawn Kohliwada was good. Balanced spices, prawn was soft and utterly tasty.
Panchforon chicken was a bit of a dampner. Tough exceptionally well cooked, the combination of panchphoron and chicken did not do down well with my bengali palate. Wont rate it bad, but wadnt good either.
The biriyani was the show stealer with brownie points for presentation. Taste wise a departure from the traditional Kolkata biriyani but in a likeable way. 
Dungar maas went down well with the biriyani: earthy, well cooked with a coarse gravy.
Overall, a good dining experience and would love to go back.

##

2016-07-02 20:47:43
Stuti Maheshwari
31987523
3.5
A nice place to have a family dinner..... The north  indian food served here is very tasty... The decor is verry pretty, and the staff very polite and helpfull....

##

2016-07-02 17:59:31
Subhamoy Chakraborti
847758
5.0
Food is awesome. We went for lunch (a la carte). If you like north indian medium spicy food, you can try this out. They also serve a packaged lunch in weekdays , which I have not tried though.

##

2016-06-26 12:58:07
Binit Agarwal
30386409
4.0
This one is located in Quest Mall and hence very easy to locate. Interiors are very nicely done and you will love it. Service was very good as well. The best part although has to be the food. Everything that we tried was simple amazing. The bar menu has almost all possible options. Overall worth a visit if you are looking for a casual dining experience. Pricing is also fine. Do visit!

##

2016-06-21 20:01:52
Tanay Lakhotia
844853
5.0
Visted this place on my best friend bday..
Staffs or food Everything is perfect...
Ambience is good as well..
It is located in quest mall
Staffs behavior is very good as well ;) 
Strongly recommended..

##

2016-06-20 18:29:16
Ankur Sheth
27794518
4.5
Nice place with a good ambience......  Food was great and decently priced.....  Service was prompt and my family loved the place.....  Special mention for the paneer tikka buttet masala as it was very nice.......  Cheers.....

##

2016-06-20 05:21:39
Peekay Roy
2380888
4.5
Exceptional food...nice ambience....rates are on the higher side but given the location would grant them the pricing. Must have dish..... Dungar Maas simply awesome.

##

2016-06-19 09:34:39
Nabamitra Dey
3041200
4.0
I had heard about this place from a close friend and decided to visit sooner than later for their exquisitely cooked Galouti Kebabs. Turns out, they are awesome! Great food and warm ambience. You'll like it :-) Try their firni too!

##

2016-06-15 09:27:42
Pragya Goenka
1677760
2.5
Big comfortable place with a soothing ambience. Bought a lunch buffet. Lots of food, all average. Service lacked the finesse one would expect from a place that looks quite refined. Not a bad place to spend a sunday afternoon with family but not great foodwise.

##

2016-06-11 12:49:43
Shitij Bagaria
1640082
3.0
Went their on weekend with family. It's located in Quest Mall and the ambience is quite good. The service quite good and courteous. But I found the food very mediocre not really worth the high price they charge.

##

2016-06-11 12:04:08
Vivek Sethia
30139151
1.0
Dining Experience was just Horrible. Food below average. Starters (which they call their specialty) and Main course both were below par. Go At your own risk.

##

2016-06-10 18:49:52
Arkapravo Majumdar
15763206
3.5
Nice ambience with nice food... Exorbitantly priced. With excessively high amount of taxes. The Peach Margarita is the one to look forward to. The fish items are a starters mention. Biriyani was out of the world. Overall decent.

##

2016-06-08 08:48:37
Debbasu73
1522118
4.5
Had been here last Friday. lives up to the Worli sea face tradition. Sumptuous kebabs and gravies. Just shows the way that you can have tasty flavours without being overly spicy. The highlight however was the Dal Makhni. I am itching to visit them again. The best north indian food in south calcutta.

##

2016-06-05 10:18:12
Sarfaraz Haque
3088315
4.5
Bombay Brasserie is what a fine dining restaurant should be like. The reception of their staff, the moment you enter to the ambience, will give you the feeling of a grade A restaurant. 
Located amidst a host of other restaurants, in Quest mall. Bombay offers a wide variety of dishes.  I have visited this place once and I had the highly recommended Prawn pulao.  Delicious! 
A part of their kitchen is live. The staff are prompt and are always keeping an eye for water refills etc. The decor, goes without saying is beautiful. 
Bombay Brasserie is highly recommended. It is totally worth the money.

##

2016-05-31 00:46:10
The Foodinista
31649667
4.5
Classy ambience and a good place for dinner.. The service was promt and the food is really nice..we had a buffet lunch with colleagues. .it was nice to see nothing had been precooked although we were enjoying buffet lunch..lots of dishes ..great creativity ..mozito with orange pulp with white rum was awesome.
Dum ki Nalli is a must try for mutton lovers.
Nice place to visit with Family and Friends ..

##

2016-05-28 01:01:03
Jessica Singh Rainal
320253
2.5
Quick service but I'd say it's rather quicker than it should be. We ordered 4 different types of bread and instead if being served hot one bread at a time we got them together so we really couldn't relish them. Basic north Indian food nothing really great. The cocktails were more of mocktails. It's ok for an occasional dinner.

##

2016-05-23 00:31:09
Reeti Safui
2908594
5.0
Amazing experience. We ordered for stuffed mushroom, chicken tikka and anglo bangla fish for starter. For the main course we ordered for bomabay chicken biriyani, butter nan and salli chicken. Coming to the dessert we ordered for sahi tukda. All the preparations were delicious. The service was outstanding. Definitely going back again and again!

##

2016-05-22 05:55:43
Agniswar Dutta Gupta
840568
4.0
The 'Bombay Brasserie', located at the 5th floor of the Quest Mall is a delight as far as North Indian cuisine is concerned. It also gives very good service by warm, friendly and cordial staff although there is room for improvement as far as ambience and seating comfort is concerned. Not a place for people who want to dine cheap.

##

2016-05-21 14:43:05
Shreya Chakraborty/tinkering_tastebuds
4607741
4.0
Awadhi restaurants in Kolkata have always been the shizz, and it's always a difficult choice to choose one from them. Bombay Brasserie, located on the top floor of the Quest Mall, is the new addition of this ever-expanding list.

I visited the place on a Saturday evening with friends, who offered to give me a sumptuous treat, knowing the big foodie that I am! The decoration, like almost all the restaurants at Quest, is top notch. I would even say that the decor is pretty innovative with coffee mugs, plates, bowls and other crockeries utilised to give the place a feeling of a Brasserie. Brasserie originally refers to a type of French restaurant with a relaxed setting, serving single meals along with alcoholic beverages. Bombay Brasserie lives upto that definition to a large extent, undoubtedly.

Coming to the food, here goes our orders:

Starters:
1. Murg Soola Kabab: Soft, with the right amount of spices. Lovely taste, but not a speciality I would say.

2. Gosht Sigdi Se: Ah! This was one of the best dishes out there. If mutton can melt in your mouth, this one surely does. It's so soft, and juicy, and with all the right flavours that you will just crave for more. The Boti kababs, with Bohri-style preparation from the Muslim Eat Street of Mumbai is surely a must-try here.

Main Course:
1. Nawabi Gosht Biriyani: The more I begin to say about this one, my words will keep falling shorter. It has been on my wishlist to visit all the good Biriyani-houses of Kolkata, and to differentiate between the varieties served in each and every one of them. I am glad I struck off another name from that list. This 'Dum Pukht' style cooked biriyani doesn't ooze out oil, which is perhaps the best thing about it. The deep-fried onion and the soft mutton pieces along with the light yellowish chaal and zaffran and the Awadhi spices is one of the best you can get. It appears light, but once you've had a spoonful, you get the idea how heavy it is. Lastly, I cannot help but mention the packaging. It is innovative, with the Aata covering on top keeping the Biriyani inside hot, till you're ready to dive in!

2. Lachcha Pudina Paratha and Kashmiri Chicken: This was one order I regretted giving. The Lachcha Paratha was nowhere close to what I had imagined. It tasted burnt, and the surface was dusty.(Perks of being a multi-wheat bread?) We definitely didn't enjoy it. The white sauce Chicken curry with the 'Ver' spice mix of Kashmir enhancing its taste, too, wasn't really a speciality, but not one that you can complain about.

Desserts:
1. Amritsar Kulfa: The way they serve it, man! They blew me away (literally!). The volatile substance subliming away makes the whole bowl look so appealing, not to speak of the red and yellow mix that hurts you to destroy the pretty picture. The taste too lives up to the garnishing and as the description goes: 'Served with rich rabdi on a bed of badami phirni topped with falooda and a dash of rose syrup'- This is exactly what you get! Pure awesomeness melting into your mouth. 

2. Jalebi: Being a bong, it's tough to admire Jalebis of posh restaurants before streetside stalls that give you freshly prepared ones. And aren't they just the best thing to have on rainy days? Well, the day was rainy, and even though I wasn't directly under it, the Jalebi's charm didn't fail to woo me. The chilled rabdi accompanying the hot Jalebis was a sheer bonus.

The staffs are polite and service is excellent. Though the restaurant gets pretty packed up, making it a hard time for the waiters, they still ensure that you even get your washbowl in time. And this review will be incomplete if I do not mention the cone of poppies and the beautiful little 'orange candies' that they serve you at the end of the meal. The kid in me got so excited that I tucked away all I could!

Overall, I forgot how many times I thanked my friend for the lovely treat. And I surely do hope to come back here to try out their vegetarian dishes, since they are known to be pretty good with it. Highly recommended.

##

2016-05-12 13:46:47
Nitya Choudhary
761045
5.0
Had gone to this amazing place few days back for dinner with my family. The food here is just pure bliss. For starters we had gunpowder potatoes and it was so delicious. All of us loved it. For the main course we ordered Paneer tikka butter masala, Dum ke kali dal and Tadkewala raita. I must say, everything was really good specially the raita. The way they just get it right is going to make me come here again and again. Even the breads that we ordered, Chur chur parantha and Tadka Mirch parantha were outstanding. All of it tasted so different than the regular Indian that we have. Excellent job guys !
I am definitely coming back to this place.

##

2016-05-11 16:44:49
Darpan Mehta
31603786
5.0
“Superlicious Food, Super Service and Super Atmosphere”

All of us were from Mumbai and didn't know where to go for a good vegetarian lunch. So we decided to try Bombay Brasserie at the Quest Mall. We were five of there for Lunch, got stuck with Veg Food even though I am a non-vegetarian to the core as everyone else were strict vegetarians and I was still were extremely satisfied and happy. Super soft paneer tikkas, amazing Shiknaji, delicious gun powder potatoes, hot parathas, super vegetables and dal, topped with Kulfi and rabdi, wow - just to good. Even though its slightly on a higher side its totally worth it. Service was very prompt and attentive even though they were packed. What more can you ask for? 

My colleagues there after have visited Kolkata thrice and all three times they have gone back to Bombay Brasserie.

##

2016-05-11 10:20:07
Vedant Kabra
2240676
3.5
Paneer. Churchur Paratha. Kaali Daal. Aloo. 
By far the most lethal gastronomic combination - done very very well by Bombay Brasserie. 
But to call them the best in the world would be wrong - for it doesn't quite get there. 
My suggestion - keep walking, your quest for the perfect Indian food hasn't been satiated.

##

2016-05-09 23:09:47
Arushi
31287422
4.5
Bombay Brasserie ! This place is amazing. The moment I entered this place, I was awestruck because of the vibrant colours, decor and the ambience. The staff is very courteous. Very polite and helpful. So 3 cheers for this. Coming to the food, I loved it ❤️ The variety was lovely. Kali dal was yum. 
2) Special mention to Chur Chur paratha and cheese paratha.
3) Paneer envelopes (paratha) was a new try. It was nice too.
4) Mixed Tarkari vegetables was nice.
5) lemonade was very refreshing.
I really like this place and I will surely visit it again soon 🙂

##

2016-05-07 08:24:21
Riya Adhikari
1118960
5.0
I absolutely adore this place! I am guessing the name comes from the fact that the restaurant  serves Indian food, hence Bombay, and its decore is that of an European cafe, hence Brasserie - both of which I dig. Coming to the food, we started off with Murg Soola Kabeb (as recommended) and Amritsari Fish. Both the kabebs were flavoursome yet not overly spiced. However, I found the fish to be a tad chewy. For main we had Salli Chicken, Chicken Qorma with a variety of parathas (Chur Chur being our favourite) and Nawabi Ghost Briyani. All the 3 dishes were lip smackingly good yet light! Can't wait to visit this place again and try out more of what they have to offer.

##

2016-05-02 11:20:59
PRASENJIT BANERJEE (BONY)
16107567
5.0
The place is really awsm decorated as well as food quality is too gd. Ppl can go there wid their family as well as friends & loved one. The environment is also gd such like a romantic restaurant just bcz of well decaorated. The ambience is really gd.. Overall it's a gd place to go wid everyone.

##

2016-05-01 09:56:37
Rahul Gupta
312619
1.0
Tasteless, bland food coupled with a bunch of waiters who are only fit to serve at a shady roadside dhaba - literally dumping the food on your plate one item after another as if there is a contest among them as to who can serve the quickest and get that customer to leave the table. Coming here and eating their bad indian food will remind you of the old school restaurants where you could have rather gone to and enjoyed much better food at much more reasonable prices with more calmer servers. P.S. I am being very subtle with my words.

##

2016-05-01 09:47:01
Kapil Bagri
12129251
3.0
The food was ok types nothing great but we liked the subz  shikrampur kebab a lot.

 The best part was when we asked for 1 portion  of papad the staff informed me that there will be 6 pieces I said ok.

Here comes the surprise in a small paper box 6 or 9 small broken pieces of papad was served to us.
When we called the manager he informed us the serve it like this only.
Bombay Brasserie please check this thing is you really call yourself luxury dinning place.

##

2016-04-28 18:30:00
Sinchan Bihani
190140
4.5
Been to this place thrice till now . The ambience , service and food quality is excellent . Really liked the stuffed mushrooms , dal makhani and cheese naan . The desert spread is also good with special mention of jalebi raabri !!!

##

2016-04-26 12:54:58
Rohan Poddar
330137
4.5
It's rather unfortunate to see that Bombay Brasserie has a low rating despite the food they serve.
Before I come to review their food, it important to note that people living Indian fare should come here. They are a tad bit expensive but then that is what a fine dining is meant to be. The Prawn Pulao that they serve is laden with generous quantity of extremely tender rolled tiger prawns which would simply melt. The pulao is very well favoured with mace and saffron. Flavoring is mild. Would tickle taste buds. If you really want to relish the meat falling off your mutton, then order Nalli Gosht. For tender spicy curry of mutton, order the Dhungar Maas. I had ordered the Galauti Kabab with Varkey Paratha. I felt toothless just like the Nawab of Lucknow did. I have had a taste of Chowk ka Galauti Lucknow Wali. I am sure that Bombay Brasserie is also not behind. They did a fantastic job. Simple, neat presentation. Unadulterated joy of eating Indian cuisine. A must visit.

##

2016-04-19 22:19:55
Aryan Saraogi
33868519
5.0
Great food shall visit again really enjoyed the garlic Nan pander and dall outstanding starters were good specially broccoli pander was very good

##

2016-04-18 12:35:15
Subhannita
33042583
3.0
Bombay Brasserie offers a rustic fused with modern charm. This review is based only on the special Poila Baishak (Bengali New Year) a la carte menu. The variety was rather limited, the combinations offered weren't curated well. They had Luchi with Moong Dal instead of Cholar Dal. You must understand this is a sin! Let's say we pair the Moong with rice. Then also where is the Jhuri Bhaja, Begun Bhaja, or Aloo Posto? Papad was there but no Tomato Chutney or any sort of Mishti/Nolen Gur er Ice-cream. (!) When you decide to offer Bengali food on such a special day, do it with more care or don't do it at all. The food in general tasted great but the flavors weren't essentially Bengali. The Mutton was soft, falling off the bone. It had strong hints cinnamon. The Chicken was tough but I loved the (North Indian) gravy! We ordered Fish Fry which wasn't on the menu but quite thoughtfully they provided it along with Kasundi. The quantity (4 pieces per plate) wasn't very generous taking into account the pricing. If the items hadn't been placed under a Poila Baisakh menu, we'd probably be more satisfied with the lunch.

##

2016-04-16 21:56:38
Diptopaul Chatterjee
2162510
4.5
Very good experience. I love the kheema paratha. I think they could improve the ambience though. It would be great if they open a bigger outlet somewhere else.

##

2016-04-13 03:04:10
Dolon Dutta Chowdhury
32394285
4.0
I loved the decor of the restaurant which from the outside looks like a European cafe. You would never guess that it actually serves Indian food. I like a restaurant to be spacious and Bombay Brasserie sure is. The dining space is large, there are antique cage like lighting fixtures and comfortable seating arrangements. They also have an enclosed dining space if you are looking for some privacy. Overall, the place looks classy yet homely and comfortable. 

I started off our meal with some signature Bombay Brasserie mocktails which were served in mason jars. I tried the Kacche Aam Ka Sherbet and loved its sweet and tangy flavor. Another drink I loved was the Watermelon Blossom which was very refreshing. They have a variety of drinks to suit every palate but if you want my recommendation, try the Kacche Aam Ka Sherbet during this season.

After the mocktails came the Murg Badami Shorba. I’m not fond of soups and shorbas in general but I did taste it and liked how light it was. Not for those looking for something spicy though. For the spice lovers, the Gunpowder Potatos and the Crispy Andhra Chicken is for you. Surprisingly, I preferred the potatos over the chicken. And this is coming from a hardcore chicken lover! I also liked the juicy and succulent Moorgh Soola.

For the main course I had Salli Chicken and Martaban Achari Chicken which tasted excellent. Accompanying the main course was a variety of parathas and my favorite was the Chur Chur Paratha – flaky, light and powdered with spices on top. I also loved the Saffron Paratha and would definitely recommend you to try these two with your gravies.

##

2016-04-04 19:08:06
Arnab Ghosh
27892836
4.5
Highly recommendable. Other than food and efficient staffs  which really impressed me most is tidiness of the place. Price is bit on higher side still it can be compensated with the quality. 
Looking forward to visit again.

##

2016-04-02 23:57:03
Rohan Dutta
31236818
4.5
A bit of a pocket pinch but it's worth it. Exquisite food, eye appealing, beautiful presentation, nice interior. Did not expect the food to be so gud. The service has to be a bit faster but overall i would say the place is gud enough to enliven ur weekends. Gud job guys and keep it up.👍👍

##

2016-03-28 18:12:05
Nitika
1898766
4.0
The food is really really good here. We had vodka shikanji , shikampuri kebab and gunpowder potatoes. They were all good , the texture of the kebab was very good and it was very smooth , the potatoes were nicely cooked and had a southern touch to it because of the mustard seeds and the curry leaves. For main course we had the paneer tikka butter masala which I thought had a small serving size. There were just four large pieces of paneer in a lot of gravy which would go waste eventually because people don't really have gravy. The pateeleywaale chhole were really good , in fact they reminded me of my own homemade chhole. We had the konkan curry which was a spicy blend of vegetables in coconut gravy. The breads we ordered were very delicious. The chur chur paratha, had layers and was actually personifying it's name ; the chili and cheese kulcha was good but it seemed more like a paratha to me ; the Mughlai egg paratha , tasted like an egg roll and was cooked very well. We even had jeera and peas pulao. I would say it is a good place for Indian food, basically more of south inspired Indian food.

##

2016-03-27 14:10:25
Firdaus
29809896
3.5
Must say that the decor and ambience is appealing and the staff are very courteous,prompt and polite. But the quality of food needs to be improved and I m looking forward to visit again to taste the non-veg. (;

##

2016-03-25 21:40:44
Faisal Shahid Khan
769737
4.5
The best Giloti kabab ever ... Period !!! Starters were awesome. . the service was impeccable .. Amazing ambience ... A must visit simply for the experience and food

##

2016-03-21 23:48:51
My Kitchen Trysts
2716928
4.0
I really like the decor of this place .. I loved their chicken with panchphoran & stuffed mushrooms... Dumpukht biryani was good too.. Didn't enjoy their paperwali macchi so much.. 
In desserts we had ordered rasmalai with mango pulp.. It was delicious.. Their phirni trio was amazing.. And kulfi falooda was very good too..
It was a lovely meal and had a great time with family.. Will love to go there again...

##

2016-03-19 23:41:26
Srestha Dutta
8145491
4.0
Decorated in contemporary style. I loved the chandeliers hanging from the roof. The overall ambience was absolutely relaxing. We started with Amritsari Machhi Tikka followed by Lassoni Naan , Sally Chicken and Chicken Kashmiri by the side. Iliked the tangy Salli Chicken they were deliciously served with crispy potato fries.The meal was sweetened by Shahi Zaffrani Tukra at the end. Obviously a nice place to hang out with your family in the weekend.

##

2016-03-19 13:01:35
Ishita Mukherjee
1110624
3.5
This place has been nicely decorated and can be categorized in the Romantic Collection as well!!!The best part is that you can go with your family as well as your friends or your loved one...they have a different section for all.I absolutely loved the chandeliers and the wall hangings of this place...

Starters:-

Since only two of us went,we ordered a single starter which was the Murg Soola Kebab as reccomended by the waiter.This was extremely spicy but tasted good.Please don't order this dish if you are not into spicy food.

Mains:-

Bombay Chicken Biriyani-This isn't the typical Calcutta biriyani but I liked it nevertheless..It had a good aroma and the rice quality was good.The entire taste is different compared to the otherwise biriyanis.

Salli Chicken-This chicken too was on the spicy side and was garnished with crisp fried potato matchsticks on top...The gravy is pretty rich but the chicken is soft and tasty.

Would definitely like to try their buffet sometime.They also have liquor offers which they should put up in Zomato.

##

2016-03-17 19:12:40
Allen Mathias
611187
4.0
I really enjoyed their non veg buffet. The buffet is pretty customizable based on the options available and each and every item came out piping hot and delicious. While I liked all the items the dal simply blew me away. It was just a perfect dish.
The staff was very courteous especially considering that we landed up pretty late for the lunch. They didn't make a fuss at all and helped us with every dish. I know we took some of their precious free time before evening service and really appreciated their patience.
The ambience is OK and does have some Bombay flavor to it but was just alright.
Value for money for sure.

##

2016-03-12 22:07:13
Aditi Kothari
29894829
5.0
Delicious food , soothing ambience , "Always on their feet " servers.
This place is for people who don't like spicy food and have a taste for the best of best Indian food!
The dessert was classic.

##

2016-03-09 20:28:06
Isha
882579
5.0
Another wonderful place off my wishlist and 1 more to add to my list of favourites. 😊 Tastefully done interior is what first catches your eye at this Quest mall restaurant. A semi open kitchen brilliantly highlights the ambience, made better with muted lights and soft music. Visited on 27th February 2016, Saturday for my friend's birthday lunch. We ordered for -

1. Patileywale choley
2. Tadka dal
3. Pudina lachha paratha
4. Butter naan

I couldn't order my favourite paneer that day but the good part is I didnt miss it a bit and instead relished the tadka dal. I liked it more than the choley. Pudina lachha paratha was very well-made. And unlike at other places, the breads were soft all throughout even after they went cold. That showed how well they were made! Very happy with the quality and taste of food.

Then came the time to serve the cupcakes and the gift which I had got for my friend. The staff got it on my request and much to our surprise all of them also sang a birthday song too. 😊

Special thanks to Mr. Somdeep for making it possible to play the birthday tune. 😊

##

2016-03-06 11:49:19
Sutanwee Pandit
31538273
4.5
This is one place which is very near my house N I love visiting this place.. situated on the top floor of quest mall along with other restaurants this place offers U with an wide array of Indian cuisine.. the ambiance is great.. U get to see the live kitchen from the seating zone..food quality is really good.. one must try the kebabs  there.. so if U are in quest mall for shopping N looking for some good Indian food,this place can surely b ur choice

##

2016-02-28 23:38:02
Divya Katyal
759973
5.0
Excellent! Perfect word for perfect place 
Visited this place twice and enjoyed alot both the times
Food is just awesum. Their corn kebaab are delicious . It melts in mouth ,very soft and yummy. Even their bindhi masala is superb if you are vegetarian and if you don't want any gravy sabzi then bindhi masala is best choice. Deserts are also great. I tired their shahi tukhara ..it was awesum.  Not over priced. It's perfect. And ambience is also very good. The service is too good. It's prompt. And the staff is really nice and very helpful.

##

2016-02-28 16:05:00
Tushar Bhala
1714487
4.5
Food is exquisite!  The kali dal is to die for. 
The waiting is bit of an issue.
Tru the chur chur paratha or the cheese chilli kulcha.
Blah blah 
Blah 
Blah
Blah

##

2016-02-28 06:04:14
Prateek 'Pj' Jain
502361
5.0
One word for it: EXCELLENT

Every time I go in the restaurant, they never disappoint me. From where to start even I dunno. 😋
Starters are amazing. Make sure have gun powder potato, it's just awesome, a stand out dish. 
Had order main course and yes Dal Makhani was awesome, every time it's a different taste and it's more awesome. Lachha paratha, naan and roti are amazing. Crispy, perfect baked. Quite impressive.

Looking for more awesome experience in the future.


PS: Visit this restaurant. 😇😇😇

##

2016-02-26 18:40:33
Meetu Bansal
1901502
5.0
Me and my friend's family had an amazing dining experience in there... The food, the ambience, the cutlery,the staff and the service were all so good. The food was typically north indian with a nice twist and we were in for a pleasant surprise right from the time the soup, the starters, the main course, the desserts and the refreshments were served. Not to be missed by a die hard foodie!!!

##

2016-02-25 18:09:24
Khushboo Singhal
29273344
5.0
We went to Bombay brasserie after doing a thorough research on Zomato. We wanted to go to some place which served both veg and non veg North Indian food. As we had just returned from a long international vacation we longed for good North Indian food. 
And to our delight it was just the right place to go to... Our taste buds thanked a zillion times over for choosing BB... 😊
Ambience is nice and the waiters serve with a smile. 
Great place to go for good North Indian

##

2016-02-18 15:05:41
Shalu Shahani
33594442
2.0
We were a group of 12. After hearing such good reviews we decided to have our kitty there. Turned out to be one of the most dissapointing restaurants. We opted for the buffet. They served us a strange combination of bhelpuri and chat with soup. Nonveg starters were not upto the mark too. Mutton in the biryani was raw. We all (foodies) feeling sorry to leave so much food on our plates. Would never recommend anyone to visit. Service was too slow too.(10thfeb)

##

2016-02-16 00:15:11
Abhishek D'Rozario
1697905
4.0
Yes the food is awesome esp the fish fry and the tandoori chicken which was exceptionally tender. The service is equally commendable and compliments the entire setup along with the ambiance which is truly gives a royal feel.

##

2016-02-15 23:33:42
Rhiya Dutta
615036
4.0
This absolutely spectacular eating place inside the Quest Mall has the widest and tastiest range of North Indian and Mughlai dishes ever! However, I'd specifically give you a "Burn-a-hole-in-the-pocket" alert when it comes to this place. I found the food excellent in taste but in an utterly disappointing quantity! You will savour the rich taste of the kebabs and biryani here. We tried the makhmali murg tikka (basically white chicken kebab), the Hussaini boti (mutton kebab in rich almost sauce), Nawabi Gosht biryani, Dum ki Nalli (the typical curry based mutton preparation) and Amritsari machchi(fish) tikka here. The taste was undoubtedly fantastic! The interior is spacious and totally marvelous. The service is more or less fast too! But the ratio of the price and the quantity is inversely proportional. Highly expensive it is. Overall a splendid experience! The genius taste will keep beckoning you towards this place if you have a lot to spend that is!

##

2016-02-11 21:52:04
Vartika Tibrewal
31063633
1.0
The buffet was pathetic 
They gave chicken soup wid bhelpuri which was a very bad combo ,the starters were OK types but the main course was not up to the mark n even after  repeatedly saying they did not even bother to replace ,the food was not even warm

##

2016-02-10 18:02:21
Shayak Das
11928401
4.5
After having this name in bookmark list for long, we finally managed to visit at Bombay Brasserie. We have visited there for lunch on Tuesday. BB is located just beside Irish House in the fifth floor of Quest Mall, Ballygunge...
The Ambience and decoration was quite attractive... The photos from places of India hanging from walls, the dishes, the dim lights, the slow music all give a luxury feeling... And being inside a mall, they have sincerely taken care of cleanness and neatness... From Decor to Food everywhere there was a touch of Bombay...
Coming to the Food, They have both buffet and á la carte...We took non veg buffets...They even have 7 different buffet menus for 7 days in week...
At first they served
Murg Badami Shorba in soup...

For starters there was
Andhra Chicken
Amritsari Machchi Tikka...

After that they served
Tossed Salad
Bombay in a bowl
Delhi Papdi Chat

In Main Course,
Bombay Kheema Masala
Dum ki Kali Daal
Malvani Pepper Chicken
Lachcha Pudina Paratha
Romali Rooti
and Bombay Chicken Biriyani
were there

In Dessert we had
Badam Firni
Icecream (4 flavours) - We had Butterscotch & Chocolate...

Soup and starters were too much delicious... Amritsari machchi tikka was very soft and heavenly tasty...
Delhi papdi chaat was best chaat I ever had till... Bombay in a Bowl was actually Bhel in Bombay style... it was ok but not so good... Bombay Kheema Masala was really good and had an awesome Marathi touch... Dum ki Kali daal was actually tarka with butter and also felt good in taste buds... But Malvani Pepper Chicken was bit too spicy... Bombay Biriyani was totally different than mughlai Biriyani ...it was really scrumptious...
Firni was better than other restaurants...

One thing I can say for sure that the concept of Buffet is not same in BB as other restaurants in town... I have visited lots of buffet in town but what I realised is other Buffet restaurants have taken more care about no of items and the quantity... but the taste or quality of main courses is not so good... In case of BB the case is just the opposite ... though the no of items are less here, the taste of each n every items are heavenly...
Service was promt and decent...
Only con for me was the service charge was too high ... we had to pay nearly 800 bucks for one buffet...
May be the price is on high side as it is inside a mall... but the taste, service and luxury decor gave solatium for the bill...
#A must try Buffet for its delicious dishes

##

2016-02-10 00:32:38
Abhishek Goel
6181371
4.0
Bombay brasserie is a North Indian restaurant located on 5th floor of Quest Mall. Setup in contemporary Indian style the ambience is good and soothing. We went on a weekday without a reservation and didn't have to wait. We started with soups, mojito and gunpowder aloo starter. Shorba and mojito were great but not the starter so much. We proceeded to main course with dal, mix veg and kulchas. Dal and mix veg were good. Kulchas were not properly stuffed. Overall a good experience but not so much worth the price. Staff is friendly and service is quick.

##

2016-02-07 17:46:56
Sarvesh Ghoriwala
31662880
4.5
Amazing place and Amazing food. Nice ambience. Very kind staff. All starters are delicious. Chilli cheese naan is to die for. The black daal and yellow daal are both amazing.

##

2016-02-06 12:43:44
Siddhartha Bose
1374835
4.0
A very nicely put up Indian restaurant at Quest. Food was delicious but none of the items were stand out which you could remember. We ordered a wide range of items.
Among all sections deserts was the best part. Deserts were mind blowing.

##

2016-02-03 12:31:19
Pallavi Addy
735634
4.0
The first thing you will notice about this place is the ambiance...they have this huge balloon shaped lamps hanging all over.  
It has been a long time since we got to sit in a round table so I was pretty excited when we got that this time!

Coming to the food, we had a friend with us who is...

##

2016-02-03 00:32:57
Umang Agarwal
27168490
5.0
This was an awsome experiance. We were getting late in the evening and had called them informing the same, they actully waited beyond time to setve us. No hurry and no nonsense. Truly fine dinning. The black daal and paneer tika masala are highly recomended.

##

2016-02-02 06:58:15
Nikita Ramgarhia
903737
4.5
A totally awesome place for Indian food lovers.
A trendy ambience with vintage decor. Thumbs up to the interiors.
To begin with the chur chur parathas are to die for..superbly delectable and even the black daal and biryani.
Looking forward to come over again and try out the remaining vegetarian items as well..

##

2016-02-02 02:12:35
Tanvir Vohra
29873790
3.0
Good place, but can be much better!
The plating is gud, but would be great if only they can improve the taste and quality of the food!
The menu and decor is pretty attractive and nicely done

##

2016-01-23 20:19:51
Gaurav Maheswari
106764
4.5
Heard a lot about this place.. And finally visited last week.. Food was very good.. All the veges and different types of rotiz were very tasty.. Overall a decent place for Indian food...

##

2016-01-23 15:56:50
Animesh Maheshwary
11873171
4.5
Finally a place having goood North Indian food which makes my taste buds want more..

The decoration and ambience is really good.

The place is a bit loud and so it's hard catching a waiter to take my order.
When I went for the 1st time totally blind to the Menu. Whatever I ordered was fast and exquisite making me feel that everything in the menu tastes equally as good..

After a long search found this place cause recently the quality of all the North Indian places are going down (really don't know why)..Keep up the taste!!

##

2016-01-20 12:58:46
Ravindra Khandelwal
160319
4.5
I celebrated my father's birthday here for dinner with 7 of us having a gala time with exceptional service. We ordered all vegetarian food including three kinds of main course preparations, two kinds of starters, soup, black dal, many breads and rice and the bill was at Rs. 6000 which I consider standard when it comes to fine dining in a place like Quest Mall and exceptional service oriented staff. Each one of us including the kids, my sister in law, my brother, and more importantly, my parents were all praises about the food quality. The Chur Chur parantha was a unique recommendation and it was a good supplement to the food we had on our plates. 2 points for food, 1 point for service, 1 point for ambience and hygiene and .5 for value for money. Only place this place could not score and I had to deduct .5 as a customer is because I asked the place if they can arrange for a cake for my father's birthday and they said at 5 pm that the bakery is closed and a cake cannot be arranged. I offered to pay for the same also if they can arrange for it but they refused to do so. Otherwise, exceptional place for a dinner with friends, family and anyone who has a taste for food.

##

2016-01-20 01:21:06
Priyanka Jaiswal
32368844
2.5
It too costly for the kind of food they are providing. If you are a North Indian food lover you really won't like this place as the food is just not up to the mark. Interiors are good though.

##

2016-01-19 14:03:04
Kaustav Nayak
1276373
3.5
Bombay Brasserie, the not so new now, restaurant in Quest Mall, proved to be our next stop in the culinary journey we have embarked upon which had hit a temporary hiatus thanks in no small amount to my medical final examination.

Fatigued and thoroughly robbed of all creative inspirations we ditched the a la carte menu and went for the rather safe buffet. 

First things first. The interiors. They looked gorgeous with ample spacious seating arrangements. The walls were mostly covered with framed shots from various parts of India, a nod to the kind of cuisine they serve here: pan Indian. 

Also a shout out to the people serving us. They were easily the most courteous gentlemen I have come across and attended to our every whimsy. 

Soup : Murg Badami shorba. Soft, velvety and adequately thick this was a clear winner.
Starters: Aloo tikki chat. Nothing special about it, I've had better. 
Bombay in a bowl : Basically bhelpuri. Was a bit shocked at this being given, but turned out to be a pleasant surprise.
Hariyali chicken tikka and Nizami seekh kebab : Both he dishes were well made, properly smoked and served with ample green chutney, fresh salad and onion rings. 

Main course : Two types of bread were served with Dhaba Chicken, which unfortunately tasted quite bland. There was also plain rice, dal tadka and Kottayam Fish Curry. The fish was probably the beat item in the dish, the curry a thick paste of orange-ish gravy which went brilliantly with the rice.

Desserts: A scoop pf ice cream and gulab jamun. 

The main issue with the buffet here is that for the premium price (800 including taxes per person) they charge there are not much winners in the menu. The dessert selection is extremely small, and for the non veg buffet the veg items were not even served. While there were a couple of dishes that stood out, I had expected better. 
Maybe they'd surprise me next time when I try items from their menu and not the buffet.

##

2016-01-19 13:25:43
Soumendra Nath Chakraborty
1243937
3.5
BOMBAY BRASSERIE, QUEST MALL, KOLKATA: Christmas in Kolkata and no Christmas Lunch planned. That’s a lousy situation to be in Kolkata with no restaurant bookings. So I got this instant brain wave to visit Quest Mall and walk in to any joint of choice. Preference had no role as soon as we sauntered into the food court of the Quest Mall will waiting list running into miles for the popular fine dining in Continental joints. We decided to brave the storm and step into Bombay Brasserie, considering the fact that we had never visited it in Aamchi Mumbai itself. Did nt quite imagine it to be a Tandoor joint with its high and fancy Brasserie suffix.

In France and the Francophone world, a brasserie (French pronunciation: [bʁas.ʁi]) is a type of French restaurant with a relaxed setting, which serves single dishes and other meals. The word brasserie is also French for "brewery" and, by extension, "the brewing business".

As we entered we were informed by a enthusiastic Manager that the only seats available were in the outside in the foodcourt out in the open. The menu suggested it being a blatant Indian restaurant and it made by wife’s face rather sombre and long. Imagine no Christmas Roast? I conveninced her that at 3:00 pm in the afternoon on the Xmas eve we would have hardly any options so we decided to stay put, with the promise that I would make the Lunch as Continental as possible from a menu gathering of highly masala and tandoor dishes.

So we commenced with Large Prawns tandoored with Panch phoron followed by the Mutton Barra. Pricing was shockingly Kolkata in standard and welcome. Food sumptuous, tasty and well cooked. Panch phoron.

We ordered the a glass each of the best Sula Rose and proceeded to adventure into the quintessential Mutton BARRA and was it Burra and lazeez, absolutely melting in the mouth ! There after we ordered Fried Konkan bhetki and being mumbaikars we went for its wondering which fish is actually named Konkan Bhetki and quite enjoyed the fish preparation but not quite the fish.

Stuffed as we were, we could not just let Christmas day pass by with out a good pudding or desert. So we ordered the Thriple Firnee and a paper chocolate pudding. 

Thriple Firnee consists of 3 glasses with 3 different types of Firnee. One was the usual Firnee with nuts, the second was a Firnee with a garnishing of Chiki and the third was a miserable rendition Firnee made of Pan flavour. The paper Pudding was a Brownie hot n soft on a grease paper to be had with dollops of vanilla ice cream.

The price was princely for the whole treat but shockingly slightly more than half the cost that would have to be paid in Mumbai.

Excellent joint but certainly not a substitute for a Christmas Lunch.

Ambience: Superb. Excellent inside and as well in the food court.

Taste : Delicious. The mutton Barra was Lazeez and just melts in the mouth. Panch Phoron has an everlasting taste.

Cost: Shockingly cheaper the aamchi Mumbai rates

##

2016-01-18 23:57:40
Abhay Banerjee
32795013
2.0
Went for dinner with friends after they recommended this place. Went with really high hopes thinking we had a new North Indian restaurant in quest.
Food was really bad and so was the service, unexpected from a fine dining restaurant. Worse part was that it was too costly and quality of the food was even worse than a dhaba.
I recommend having house food rather than visiting this place.

##

2016-01-15 08:53:48
Priyanka Gupta
987475
2.5
My experience with bombay brasserie was just so so! Always wondered what attracted people cus the food is just decent. The waiting is always crazy...  They choose which customers they would like to give a seat first themselves and it's not based on the waiting! People who walked in after us and we're the same in number, got seats before.A Monday dinner it was.. We called for a murgh shorba which was bland and just bad for me. A mutton preparation with paratha for main course... The paratha were real good but the mutton was just okay again. Finished our meal with jaldi and rabri which saved the dinner. You pay in a fine dinning for good food, not just edible food... This place did not do wonders for me atleast.

##

2016-01-14 15:48:13
Sreejata Chakraborty
2562482
4.0
Exquisite food, royal ambience, prompt, smiling and attentive servers and a great menu! This is how I would describe Bombay Brasserie. The place would leave no stone unturned to satiate the desi food cravings of foodies one and all. I went there on a Saturday and sadly had to order vegetarian food but I'm surely going to leave you with a picture of the heavenly dessert called aam-e-khaas which I had there. Roshogolla and aam! What more can a bong ask for?

Food 4/5
Ambience 4/5
Service 4/5
Price 3.75/5

##

2016-01-13 21:05:44
Vishnu
499755
4.0
Had decent food out here.serving style was impressive. Food options were less.soothing place in quest.. seating arrangements were also nice.

##

2016-01-13 09:46:04
Sanjay Kumar//The Hungry Soul
43958
3.5
If you are an upscale fine dinning restaurant located at quest mall among some of the best F & B Brands, you have to be flawless when it comes to guest delight. I have had a lots of expectations but Bombay Brasserie just failed to deliver.  I guess just a bad day for them wherein everything went wrong. 
Located at the Fifth floor at quest mall, this restaurant serves western coastal indian cuisine. menu is short and crisp with some of the regional signature dishes featured on it. 

It was a Sunday evening when we decided to hit the place. We were greeted promptly at the host dest and escorted to our table.  Menu were presented within no time and water were asked and promptly served.
We skipped the bar card.  Just had a glance on it. Prices was lon ittle higher side with multiple taxes on top of it.
To begin with,  both of us decided to have murg badami shorba. It was served cold and when we told the servers about it, its beem changed. We were told that they forgot to switch on the bain marie and so the goof ups. They also apologised for it. We decided to skip the starters and directly order the main courses.  We ordered a chicken tikka butter masala, Dum ki kali dal with lachha pudina parantha and keema muglai parantha to go along with it. Food tasted average, and all the food served was not at the right temperature.  We thought of not bringing it to their notice this time and continue with our dinner. we were served the accompaniments of indian food sans the papad and pickle. When we enquired,  they said pickle is on demand and papad they don't serve it as an accompaniments. But just because we asked, they gave us a complimentary basket. 
One thing they need to work on is to check facilities that's preventing them to serve food at right temperature.

##

2016-01-13 00:06:17
Tilottama Sanyal Mukherjee
1002956
3.5
Great ambience but overcrowded on most days, bombay brasserie is good for a meal with the family.
Though it hurts the pocket we still keep going back because of the food. The portions are decent and they try to stick to the authentic flavours of india at the same time ensuring that the presentation steals the show.
Definitely recommended

##

2016-01-12 11:22:35
Shubhonil Chatterjee
1368953
4.0
This one is a fine dining restaurant with excellent food. The ambience is perfect with hospitable staff  around. Must try the biriyani. Next time u be in quest mall, experience amazing Indian food here. The prices could have been on the little lower side. 
Food : 5 out of 5
Ambience : 4.5 out of 5
Value for money: 3.5 out of 5
Hospitality : 4.5 out of 5

##

2016-01-10 10:42:06
Aastha Debaditya Lahiri
1417663
4.0
The only place in the city where most of my birthdays were spent dining at. The best and personal favourite will be the chicken dhabewala to be gulped down with garlic butter naan or butter rotis. The chicken is high on spices and flavour with mild hotness and perfect for people who do not choose to go for the chilliness. Also the starter ghelawati kebabs are a great selection. The best drink to have here is the lemon iced tea and end the meal with the kulfa which is the kulfi which comes in a very catchy bowl and is an eye appealed also a satisfied.

##

2016-01-07 19:57:46
Susmita Debnath
32314819
4.0
I tried  twice #dumkinalli n #Bombaychickenbiriyani loved it .. staff behavior very friendly.. quality food.. nice place......................

##

2015-12-30 20:24:54
Simran
20420176
4.5
Amaaaazing food! We had the buffet, which was awesome. They had around 5 items in the starters, each equally delectable. Their main course was also pretty good, and the ice cream was heavenly. Lovely ambience, lovely experience.

##

2015-12-29 14:37:07
Gagandeep Singh
1709358
4.5
awesome food..it tastes like one of the road side dhabas..service is also great..would recommend it to north indian food lovers..would visit it again

##

2015-12-26 00:24:08
VK
1308244
1.0
Went again on 27th July for canteen style buffet lunch. Only couple of items were good in taste, rest ordinary. Amul chocobar was shockingly included in dessert. They should have put an effort to include something else. Also their bill is enclosed where they charged 10% as service charge and with taxes a 30.5 % top up on the menu rates. The waiter Biswajit served us and while one of my friends was going through the menu he tried to grab it from his hand to tell something. Unprofessional it was, a polite way of asking for it was solicited or he should have got hold of another menu card. The menu card incidence happened during our last visit too and these people seem fine with it. 

Earlier experience :-

Went on 25.12.15 for dinner. The starter Lucknowi paneer was not good. We ordered for tomato shorba but it was more of soup with cream in it. The main course items were descent but were served just about warm. Pudina parantha was burnt and was told to be replaced. Service was poor. One staff named Krishna literally took away the menu card from my friend's hand... Other staff was insisting on ordering main course with starters itself... Strange... Ambience is good. The portion size is less particularly of the starters.....does not commensurate the prices charged.

##

2015-12-22 18:54:37
Tanushri Singh
32848552
1.5
My first visit here was not so good.We waited for a long time for a table.The decoration was good.but we should not judge a book by its cover.we received our order at least an hour later and the rotis were so cold and the food was disgusting. so disappointing.

##

2015-12-22 18:50:39
Anisha Singh
31041356
1.0
Not a good experience
The first time I visited this place I got a very bad experience.
I placed the order and received the food at least after a hour even though the crowd was absent.The food was very disastrous.I would given it a zero rating but because of its interior I am giving it one star.I would recommend not to visit this place as it sucks . A thumbs down to this restaurant

##

2015-12-19 23:05:21
Rohit Rakshit
16498723
5.0
An amazing place to go with family as well as friends... love the ambience and the setting of the place... there is no comparison to the food that we tasted.. one of the best north indian cuisines I have had up to date.. kudos to each and every person who made our experience worthwhile!!

##

2015-12-16 22:00:04
Dipenti Gupta
2646058
4.5
This is a place in quest mall beside irish house...so when u enter u will find the ambience to be very normal..but the food they serve is awesome..every item we ordered was good from soup to main course..very impressed by their unique style of dishes...a must visit..also it is fairly priced...totally worth it

##

2015-12-16 10:24:07
Shweta Agarwal,Vegan
3471451
4.5
Awesome food.
Do go and eat.
Panner to die for.
You cannot expect to have a reasonable prices at one of the premiuim malls in the city.
But its worth every penny.
Loved it 
Ambiance is cool.
Help me understand why have they chosen this name??

##

2015-12-15 22:49:59
Chandrani Datta
366109
3.0
The ambience is really classy emulating old-world restaurants but the food remains a tad disappointing in terms of the ingredients. While the service is courteous and polite, the chef seems to believe that dishes can be made tasty only with dollops of cheese and that includes dishes like Murgh Kashmiri which should have had rich after-taste of spices rather than the usual cheese. Their breads and paranthas are also nothing worth the price. If you are looking for mughlai food with distinct taste, this isn't the place for you.

##

2015-12-13 19:24:56
Amit Pal
12924
4.0
This restaurant was in my wishlist for a long time, finally managed to visit it. Went for sunday lunch, on weekends it gets really crowded so its advisable to book table over phone. Ambiance and hospitality both are top notch here. The waiters and managers are really attentive to the customers. We ordered amritsari fish tikka and mutton hussainy boti for starters, both were excellent, for main course we ordered amritsari kulcha, nariyal gosht, lucknowi murg korma, for some unknown reason we didn't like the korma at all, no taste and aroma, too bland for our likings but other items were just brilliant, specially nariyal gosht. Soda shikanji was too good. They present all the food in a very likable manner, thats a plus point. though the serving time was little long but since after every order waiters reminded us about the exact time to be taken for the food to arrive so it didn't bother us much. only negative point is that it is very very expensive, we didn't order any desserts but still per head cost was rs-1300/- so if anyone tries full course meal with starter,main and dessert(excluding alcohol) then minimum cost for 2 will be 3000 which is  very high for kolkata standards. Overall had a very memorable experience there and this type of restaurants should be visited on special occasions, certainly not recommended for frequent visits.

##

2015-12-11 10:43:01
Lavanya
30477762
3.0
It has a good ambience , the pricing was fine the food was also just fine . But that's it nothing great about the food which can be found any decent restaurant .  I wouldn't recommend this place for any particular cuisine or dish but yeah certainly a good place to chill after shopping

##

2015-12-10 12:16:00
Harshavardhan Agarwal
785275
4.0
Wow. Good place. Good quality food. The service was good just that the waiter was rushing a bit, shouldn't have happened and one of the waiters didn't know the kiable

##

2015-12-09 17:09:21
Varun Rajgarhia
31546427
4.0
I have been to the restaurant several times to eat. The ambience and the hospitality is nice. The place has a lively feel to it which I like. 

The strong points about the restaurant is their kebabs, dal makhani and breads. On our last visit we ordered for the Chicken Pindi Kebab, Dal Makhani and Churchure Paratha. All three dishes were probably the best North Indian food I have had in town. Despite having North Indian cuisine the food is light which is great to note.

Where this place lacks is its sides. On my last several visits, I have tastes their Paneer dishes, Potato Dishes and chicken gravy dishes. They were very ordinary. I think they should do something about them to pack more flavor into these dishes. That is the only reason I have rated this place a 4. However, if its great kebabs, dal and breads you are looking for (like me!) this is the place to go to. 

Prices are on the steep side but then its worth it !!.

##

2015-12-06 21:18:49
Samhita.199
32688299
3.5
We visited this place for the first time today and are quite impressed overall in terms of food, ambiance and service. The food was warm and soft and we didn't have to wait long for it to arrive. We started our meal with the soup Murg Badami Shorba and it was really good. Starters were Galawati Kabab and prawns. Galouti Kabab melt in our mouths in no time but we found the prawns way too much overpriced. Next in the main course it was Nawabi Gosht Biryani with Lucknowi Murg Qorma. The biryani was good initially but by the time we were close to finish it the mutton pieces became quite hard to swallow. For dessert it was jalebi and the Trio of Phirni. I must say the idea behind presenting the Phirni in a trio format is really nice as we got to enjoy the 3 toppings. In short, I would recommend the restaurant to a friend.

##

2015-12-03 18:46:55
Gunjan Mitra
543424
5.0
This city has been finally blessed with a terrific restaurant. 
Food - Is excellent! Their Bombay Keema is to just die for!! I wish my stomach was not so full, then i would have really eaten half a truck of it! Melts in the mouth kind of keema, i have not even had such tender meat anywhere else in the country.
Their Buffet was quite extraordinary, limited but quality food. 
The Servers were very attentive, and very kind. Their soup BTW was yum!!! 
I know it seems high priced, and the menu might not be as elaborate as that of other buffet diners. But this is quality food.
I am recommending this place to all those who believe that they are true connoisseurs of food. 
This place is a must visit for those who eat good food, and enjoy a neat and relaxing ambiance.

##

2015-11-25 14:45:23
Nehaprahladka
55115
4.5
One of the best Indian restaurants in town. Have been there quite a number of times and have always left the place with a smile. The veg food is really nice. We had ordered for the gunpowder aloo for the starters n they were not upti the mark, but the chef was courteous enough to replace it n serve us a good one! The Kali dal, pateelaywale chole, veg biryani, everything tasted really nice. The best of the lot was the paneer Sirka pyaaj, paneer tikka masala, hara pyaaj ka kulcha, chilly cheese paratha n chur chur paratha. A great visit!!

##

2015-11-23 11:51:49
Sagar Giria
1474009
4.5
Love the experience here. The food,the ambience, the service, everything was excellent. Would definitely recommend others. .5 deducted for a personal reason, otherwise would have given it 5 on 5

##

2015-11-20 22:34:03
Gaurav Sureka
29101066
4.0
Amazing hospitality..nice ambience..good crowd..
I had ordered for veg biryani and gunpowder potatoes...it was really nice.. You should try their gunpowder potatoes...the staff is very friendly and courteous...
Yes it is a little overpriced as it is located in the best mall in the city... :)...

##

2015-11-18 21:34:56
Abhik Mukherjee
600978
2.5
I have mixed reviews on this restaurant on one hand the Galawti Kabab (yes I am very particular about the quality) and Chur Chur Kabab was absolutely brilliant . There were a few pieces of the Barah Kababs which were perfect, other pieces were a bit underdone. The worst part was that we were served stale prawns and were charged for it. I can

##

2015-11-16 21:45:24
Farhat Jameel
16025559
5.0
Loved the food.
Totally worth every penny we paid for.
Beautiful & classy ambience. Service was very good and would love to be a frequent visitor here :)

##

2015-11-12 00:36:32
Debisree Saha
949489
4.5
I have been their twice till now and had been impressed each time. The decor is plush, the seating arrangements are such that they create a lot of space. The menu card is to watch for, and the spread from all across India is served in this place. The idea is unique. The well mannered Stuarts will introduce you to the food . Everything is served beautifully and food is superb.

##

2015-11-11 20:58:56
Dipankar Sarkar
31238626
4.5
Awesome food. Could sure be rated as one of the best in Kolkata now in Indian cuisine. Ordered Galawti Kebab and Prawn Koliwada as starters. The Galawti Kebab was just right, almost melting in the mouth. The Prawn Koliwada had the right masala mix making it an authentic preparation. In the mains, ordered Lucknawi Murg Qorma, Dhungar Mutton and Prawn Gassi - all curries. The curries were superb...each one with distinct flavour of the regional dishes on which it was inspired. I can specially mention the Dhungar Mutton (a Rajasthani preparation) and Prawn Gassi (a Mangalorean preparation) - both were just incredible. Simply some of the best curries I have had in years. The interior of the restaurant is also excellent with ample space between tables.  Service could have been a bit better though. But nevertheless, nothing to complain about.

##

2015-11-03 19:08:07
Aneesha Choudhury
15557814
4.5
A Gastronomical Delight! That is what I wrote  when I checked in to FaceBook about my visit here. And it truly was. A family member had been there when they had first opened up and the review was good so she went again but that time, it was not up to the mark. She went away disappointed. We convinced her to give Bombay Brasserie (BB) a second chance. And, this time, it was even better than her 1st visit here!

To begin with, the ambience is casual but smart. I liked the way they have done up the interiors- the ginormous light fittings, electic mix of photos, the utensils and kitchen helpers (mortar and pestle, jars, spice grinder  etc). 

Every dish that we ordered was delicious except for one- Khameeri Roti. I would NOT like to ever try it again! The Tandoori Gobi, Crackling Tamatar Shorba and Subz Shikampuri Kebab were great starters. They were followed by Paneer Tikka Butter Masala, Dum Ke Kali Dal, Lohe ki Kadhai ke Aloo, accompanied with Chilli Cheese Kulcha  (which is sooo yummy that it can be eaten on its own), Garlic naan and other rotis. The Jeera Peas Pulao was like any other restaurant. So was the Kachumber ka Raita. 

Now, the desserts were something else! Having a huge sweet tooth, I would just go again and again to BB and order the Amritsari Kulfa! I could order that for appetizers, main course and again for dessert :) Yes, it was that scrumplicious! Even the Paper Baked Chocolate Pudding was good but nothing spectacular- just like a gooey Brownie with ice cream and chocolate sauce. 

Overall, the Vegetarian dining experience was great. About Rs. 800 per head. A great lunch it was! 

I hope you'll maintain this current standard of food, BB! I hope to come back again soon.

##

2015-11-01 17:59:19
Tanmoy Das
854457
4.0
One of the finest dining experience at Quest Mall on the 5th floor. Ambience is really cool.presentation is really awesome. Ordered galauti kebab as starters . Rumali roti and mutton keema as main course. Taste really good . Also, Full marks to how they present each and every dish . Price little bit on the higher side given its in Quest Mall but definitely  worth a go .

##

2015-10-25 09:57:31
Om
8991031
4.0
Gives a feeling of fine dining...but the rates are pocket friendly...not like "aaj ayurved ka palan karenge...raat ko kum khayenge" ;-) lol
The place is good...service and ambience is great...the fish served in banana leaf was something to remember.
Overall great experience...decent place to hangout with friends and family.

##

2015-10-23 18:14:28
Arijieet Basu
31670427
5.0
Great place awesome food gud ambience best place if ur thinking of family dinner.The bar is also gud with all type of drinks specially the lights are too gud

##

2015-10-22 17:58:55
Malvika
16507162
1.5
The first time I visited this place (2014),I fell in love.it was this love that dragged me back there. Alas! (03/09/15)The Anglo - Bangla fish was f----d up . I was served raw fish . Immediately it was sent to the chef. The disaster management team was in with ice cream to cool the matter. Too bad . The damage was done .I refused to pay for the dish. Well...they were shameless enough to charge me for the whole lunch . Went home .Puked.Never going back .

##

2015-10-18 19:35:13
Kunal Agarwal
704257
4.0
Nice food,liked the ambience and prompt service, one of the few restaurants in kolkata where vegetarians like me can have a major say!! :p:p

##

2015-10-18 15:39:47
Ashish Sureka
103417
3.5
The veg Dum -Biryani is awesome... but please increase the quantity of it. But i must say the ambience is very good. Keep this good work so we can visit every time.

##

2015-10-18 14:08:44
Raya Chatterjee
20289310
2.5
I've been here quite a number of times but i was left disappointed with my last visit here. I always knew it to be a fine dining restaurant but they don't seem to have the minimum sense of serving the Indian breads in a closed pot and not in an open plate. We mentioned not to put cottage cheese in the mixed veg, they changed it thrice but it still had cottage cheese in it. The breads as I mentioned were cold by the time we finished it. The beverages too have deteriorated big time.

##

2015-10-18 00:04:17
Moumita Chowdhury
1984554
4.5
One of the best places for fine dining in Kolkata. The ambience is a bit formal but the excellent food makes up for it . must try the galauti kabab . this was yummy and perfectly juicy. It was quite intelligently served on a base of paratha. The staff was friendly and the service was good .

##

2015-10-13 22:41:46
Sudip Das
818051
4.5
As per my experience in Kolkata, the best food in its genre. Yummilicious..!!

Must Try:
1. Galawati Kebab
2. Salli chicken
3. Nawabi Gosht Biriyani
4. Dum ke kaali daal

I can assure you won't regret visiting the place.

##

2015-10-13 16:48:39
Raghu Sood
1646015
3.0
The food was good nothing special... To be honest you will getter food at way lower prices.. The place is too noisy for a fine dining place.. No point paying so much for normal Indian food!!!

##

2015-10-10 01:08:59
Devansh Popat
589097
4.5
Visited here for lunch with my better half. .  Must say classy ambience. .  Nd feel. .  Live kitchen counter luks gud. .  Had decent varieties for veg. .  Loved starters nd deserts. .  Must try item is Amritsari kulfi

##

2015-10-08 12:08:02
Pia Bhattacharya
287291
4.5
Few of my friends, my husband and I had a rendezvous here n it was simply outstanding. Food, service, ambience et all were perfect. Yes, the price is a bit higher than other contemporaries but it's totally worth it! We had almost 7 plates of Gilawati kebabs and we could still have more...very authentically prepared..I could taste the awadhi touch in all of its food...this ones a must for a beautiful lukhnowi cuisine...I would highly recommend jalebi with rabdi n barrah kebab...kudos to all the waiters that served us..they are extremely polite and diligent...we are definitely visiting again..

##

2015-10-07 00:19:22
Joydeep Sen
15597024
4.5
One of the best places to have proper Indian and Punjabi cuisine in Calcutta. This place is ideal for both meat eaters as well as the non meat eaters. A wide array of options available. The items are priced in a very fair manner. You wouldn't regret if you go here. Highly recommended. And since it is located inside quest mall, the ambience and the cleanliness will never be an issue.

##

2015-10-06 10:15:22
Suroor Agarwal
5088461
4.0
People who love indian food with a bit hygiene, this is their best bet!
Although a bit heavy, but worth the satisfaction.
Love the presentation too 
Must try: chur chur paratha and soups

##

2015-10-06 08:33:22
Sarbajit Das
501725
5.0
Been there more than 15 times and the food is really good. It will be great if they can add some more dishes as well. Overall very satisfactory and a must go in Kolkata.

##

2015-10-05 20:39:00
Sushmita Roy
1580877
4.0
It was on my wish list for last abt 20 days and finally went their. The bst thing was the decor and the atmosphere.  Coming to the food I specially luved the kebabs.  They were yummy and lastly the ice cream was too good.  All together I liked it and hope to 
Visit soon :-)

##

2015-10-05 11:21:25
Ketan Chougule
1713513
2.0
Ambience wise the restaurant is excellent but was highly disappointed with the taste of food. I had ordered for a malvani pepper chicken which was not even 1% malvani and was like any other brown northindian gravy. Total disappointment for my sunday lunch. They boast they have dishes from every state but it's actually not the fact.

##

2015-10-03 20:48:15
Drrituadhikari
824376
4.0
The food is excellent loved the service speed
The vegetarian food gives a feel of punjab.interiors r simple but cosy.nonveg part is also good.options in the menu for veg people r good.

##

2015-10-02 16:06:29
Abhinav Rateria
526973
1.0
There is no option of giving a zero star or else I would have given the same. Worthless and bland food. Abysmally bad service. Just avoidable. It is one of those glitzy over hyped and over rated places. To be avoided at any cost.

##

2015-10-02 15:35:48
Ansul Goyal
27098353
1.0
Pathetic... 
Service by bunch of people with short term memory loss.. We had to repeat our order at least 5 times... 
Food grade lower than any road side dhaba
Avoid at any cost
Silver lining... Water in the finger bowl was warm!!

##

2015-10-01 20:23:05
Vivek_agrwal
1510020
3.5
The appetizers serves the purpose. Perfect ambience for a fine dining. Food was satisfying. Service: prompt. Not a standout experience. Looking forward to a better experience on next visit.

##

2015-09-29 22:05:29
Habiba Shan
1283755
4.5
After a long tym some really good food tickled my taste buds to write a review on good food. If u want to attain pure pleasure and enjoy your burps till your day ends please visit this place. 
I went there for the first time to attend a friend's birthday for a lunch buffet. I enjoyed a non veg buffet. Please for once go there and enjoy the food and the ambience. 
Superb I must say!!

##

2015-09-27 20:52:26
Nikhil Jalan
4947431
3.5
Good food.. Service could be better... The appetizers and the breads are real good and different... However, they could work on their service.

##

2015-09-27 00:26:46
Sajid Feroz
60540
4.5
Perfect place to be if you want to try Indian cuisine ...from awadhi to goan ,bombay brasserie menu is amazing.place worth trying ! 

Food : 4.5 / 5
Service :4/5 
Ambience :5/5 

Must try : prawn thecha ,ras-e-aam

##

2015-09-21 01:51:26
*The Foodronaut*
348600
4.5
Once in a while you have a meal that makes you believe that food is actually the essence of life! A meal at Bombay Brasserie made me a great admirer of Kolkata as a food destination.

Superb presentation, beautiful ambiance, courteous staff who pay attention to each of your requirements & customization requests, spick & span cutlery and taste that makes you fall in love with the place!

For the lunch, we started off with a fresh lime soda and a peach & lime sprinkler along with Galawti kebabs which turned out to be the highlight of the day. Though the drinks were nice, the starter made me fall in love with the place instantly. Its one of the finest dishes I've  & I suddenly knew my tongue was in for a grand flavour tsunami today!

Continuing on to the main course, we stuck to the traditional Paneer Tikka Butter Masala, which I realized was a combination of two of the most recognized Paneer dishes. The breads section is a delight as well; apart from all the usual choices, there are loads of options to choose from. One of the most interesting and spectacular bread was the chilli cheese kulcha. Soft, evenly balanced taste of cheese & chilli and cooked to perfection. We ended up having 2 of these even with no room left to consume more.

The quantity was great for 2-3 people and all dishes were truly prepared & presented in an exquisite manner! The menu is really impressive and has something in store for everyone's palate!

Overall Recommendation : If you are someone who appreciates true Indian authentic cuisine, you just can't avoid this place.

Bon Appétit! :)

##

2015-09-20 20:40:49
Shankha Mukherjee
29322678
4.5
Went on a weekend with friends for dinner to this place. This is a fine dining joint with good ambience and decor. Soothing music and attendants are courteous and efficient.
Typical North Indian cuisines with some Bombay specials in the menu.
Had chicken and fish kebabs in starter. Biriyani was good for the main course.
The highlight was the dessert Shahi Tukra is a must have.
Overall a good experience if you are looking for Indian Cuisine.
                    

2nd Visit - Overwhelmed with the food and the courteous staffs

Rajputana Murg Soola Kebab- This was just awesome and a must try
Calcutta Club Fish Fry
Bombay Chicken Biriyani
Nawabi Gosht Biriyani

##

2015-09-16 21:53:04
Priyashish Chakraborty
31870857
4.0
Finally the wait was over today and all set to go Bombay Brasserie with office colleagues, Firstly the ambiance was very good.
Now come to Food, we opted for Non-veg Buffet(served in table), they used to cater different menu on day wise, for Wed day, we had Murh Shorba,Bombay in a Bowl(i.e. kind of Bhel puri), Alloo Tikki, Murg Tikka(mouth watering),Fish in starters and followed by Dal,Masala kulcha, paratha,Achari Chicken(yummy), Fish Masala and Mutton Biriyani as a main course and ice cream and Jjilebi.
Quality of food was awsome and waiters were very well behaved.
It would be great if they could have added Prawn items in starters and 1 more variety of sweet.
Overall Good, planning for another lunch party very soon.
Thanks,Priyashish

##

2015-09-16 01:26:36
Vedant Jain
158470
4.0
This was long over-due. European luxe meets Indian street : that's the feel you get. 
The décor has a modernistic European luxe feel. Very helpful staff members. We took the buffet. Extra points for great portion sizes. Also worth mentioning, love their cutlery. 

Murg Badami Shorba
A thin soup, cooked with Indian herbs and hint of almonds.
Tip: ask for less oil.
Taste - 3.2/5
Presentation - 4/5

Dahi Papdi Chat
Yes, that's right. The quirk element. Bombay style Dahi Papdi chat, and yes, this one is hygienic!
Taste - 4/5
Presentation - 3.9/5

Bombay In A Bowl
Love the name. You too? 
It's basically a Bombay style bhel.
Taste - 3.2/5
Presentation - 3.9/5

Gunpowder Potatoes
I was intrigued. They had me at gunpowder. 
Dry spicy potato dish, Andhra style spices. It had a patent Andhra tang to it.
Taste - 3.6/5
Presentation - 4/5

Makmali Murg Tikka 
Another term for your staple Chicken Malai Kebab. 
This could improve, considering the other Indian items the chef did.
Taste - 3.4/5
Presentation - 4/5

Shammi Kabab
Mutton keema pressed into a kebab. The star of the show. Loved it. Perfect marination, perfect slow cooking. Very authentic. This dish alone would pull me back to the place.
Taste - 4.5/5
Presentation - 4/5

Dum Ki Kali Dal
Another term for your classic Dal Makhani. Now this is a very emotional dish, here in India. There are people who judge the whole restaurant by this dish alone. Some like it spicy, some like it with a little sweetness. Some even like it burnt and smokey. 
I liked this one. It has a little sweet hint, is very mildly spiced and is mostly smokey. 
Though yes, it was cooked in the way it should be - traditional dum style slow cooking.
Taste - 4.2/5
Presentation - 4/5

Makhana Methi Mutter
I like the color of the dish. Very promising. Your regular methi peas curry, cooked classic style. 
Taste - 4.4/5
Presentation - 4/5

Pateley Wale Chole 
Traditional pind-style chole (Bengal gram) Brown mild spiced curry. Great taste. Could improve a bit.
Taste - 3.9/5
Presentation - 4/5

Paneer Sirka Pyaaz
A relief from the pasanda and the butter masala dish. It is a curry nevertheless. Rich in butter, mild spiced. Retains the classic sweetness. Authentic.
Taste - 4.2/5
Presentation - 4/5

Chicken Tikka Butter Masala
Well marinated soft chicken cooked in a mild spiced gravy. Also carries the signature sweet hint.
Could be improved a bit.
Taste - 3.8/5
Presentation - 4/5

Parda Subz Biryani
Dum cooked biryani. Well flavoured. Personally, I prefer awadhi style biryani with it's slight wetness. Then the dish acts as a meal in itself. This is the pulao style dry flavoured rice.
Taste - 3.6/5
Presentation - 4/5

Naryiali Ghosht 
Mutton cooked in a brown spicy Andhra style gravy. I like the different Andhra Flavors. Try this if you want to have a curry without the North frontier sweet hint.
Taste - 4/5
Presentation - 4/5

Shahi Zaffran Tukda
*standing ovation* 
This is basically a warm breaded pudding, originating from Hyderabad. Also called Double ka Meetha. 
This dish however is their own adaptation I feel, much soupier and softer than it's classic counterpart.
This is one adaptation I would love having over and over again. At the moment, my favourite place for Shahi Tukda.
Taste - 4.7/5
Presentation - 4/5

I'm going back for the Shammi Kabab and Shahi tukda. Must try. Bon Apetit!

##

2015-09-13 15:54:34
Sudarshan Daga
1860686
3.5
A fine dining experience worth every bit of money you can spend. Authentic Indian cuisine along with a large variety of parathas to choose from. The mango lassi, the kesar pista kulfi are must haves. Only the service is a tad lacklustre which I believe will improve in the days to come

##

2015-09-11 13:05:49
Shekhar Kumar Jain
1683003
4.0
We went to Bombay Brasserie for a wholesome family dinner (10 of us) - this enabled us to order variety of dishes. From Soup to starters to main course and then dessert. Good part - all of us enjoyed everything.  
The ambiance, service and the music were wonderful. 
Great place, would love to be back.

##

2015-09-10 01:22:57
Subhayan Bhattacharjee
31772766
5.0
Today was my 3rd visit. The place has been perfect everytime to go with friends, family or colleagues. The food ss well as the service is awesome. To name a few: galawti kababs, churchur, makhmali tikka, cheers watermelon blossoms,mojitos, cosmo,etc. Kudos for the courteous and warm behavior of the staff like Mr.Kaushik, Mr.Indra and tge captain of the ship, Mr. Somdev. Cheers. Tk care

##

2015-09-04 12:46:49
Shaumik Raha
27341074
4.5
I along with my family and friends have been visiting Bombay Brasserie both for lunches and dinners regularly since the restaurant opened. Somdev has always taken great care of us and made sure everything was perfect. And as far as the quality of food is concerned I would say it's excellent and am glad they they have maintained the quality and standard in a consistent manner. I love the food here more than Dumpukt or Sonargaon and visit this restaurant much more than any other in Kolkata. 
Service is very cordial and always with a smile. I have never been disappointed so far and am sure they will keep it this way. Once again excellent value and value for money. And I will keep going there over and over again.

##

2015-09-03 05:35:45
Anjum J Parveen
5191531
3.5
Bombay Brasserie; A place i would love to come again and again... 
With beautiful ambience, alpha music, soothing lights, courteous attendants and most importantly, great food... This is a perfect destination where you get delicacies which are of from different states. 
Do Not miss it's Bombay dum parda biryani...!!! It's delicious & mouthwatering. This place doesn't compromise on it's taste. 
Soft naan, chicken dishes are yum. 
The only problem is with it's drink. Ordered for lime & peach Margarita sparkler.. Expected it to be a sizzling drink with the tinge of soda, but to my disappointment, its base was way too thick and sweet. Didn't like it at all. 
Would like to visit again if the drinks are modified. 

Thank you 
Anjum Parveen

##

2015-09-01 23:33:00
Atulit Chokhani
2879846
1.0
Have been a number of times but always disappointing. To no less surprise today we found hair in the food. Basically the nan. More so the Fnb manager wasn't surprised with the act and just asked if we wanted to cancel the order or no.  The preparation of 2 dishes of the veg were absolutely the same with aloo just being the dominant factor.  Horrible food. Horrible service. Horrible experience.

##

2015-09-01 00:45:52
Soumyota Das
775825
5.0
I went to BB last weekend and what we had experienced there is a sheer delight. Everything right from the interior decor to the food representation to the service speaks loud and clear about the fact that this restaurant is the new BIG thing (or it's soon gonna be at least ! ) for the Indian food lovers.
Coming to food, the Keema mughlai paratha , Ulta tawa paratha, Chili Cheese kulcha, Dum ki nalli and Salli Chicken were best of its kind and can be well called their signature dishes. Among the desserts, "Ras-e-Aam" is the one worth mentioning as it is a sheer delight for people like me with a sweet tooth.
Speaking of services, the staffs were extremely humble and attended us with promptness. Special mention goes to Mr. Bapi and Mr. Roy (The manager) for helping us with selecting the menu and guiding us through with one of the best culinary experiences we ever had ! 
We would definitely like to visit again in the near future !

##

2015-08-31 21:39:13
Harsh Damani
975390
3.5
A good fine dining joint.. This place has both the ambience and the decor of a great restra.. Owing to the crowd I guess the food however was not up to the expected standards.. Strongly recommended, a reservation before going on Sundays.. Hopefully the food would be better on the next visit.. Kudos to the courteous staff for handling such extreme rush with great patience..

##

2015-08-31 08:52:37
Mukesh Kanoi
31639570
1.0
It was really a pathetic experience at bombay brasserie on 30th August 2015. V had booked a table for 10 people for 930 pm in the name of one of our friends. When v reached the resturant v were asked by the resturant in charge Mr Akki to wait as the previous guests had not finished there meal. After sometime v were asked to go in.  But when v went inside it was really disgusting to see that some other group came and occupied our table.  On asking about the same to Mr Akki and Mr Somdev , they again asked us to wait for some more time.  On inquiry it was found that this particular group made booking on reaching the restaurant and where as our booking was made very early in the day and was there in the booking register. The entire episode and handling of the same speak very low about the ATTITUDE of the resturant. Its just pathetic.

##

2015-08-27 15:02:46
Suman Banerjee
2607260
5.0
My first time experience of Bombay Brasserie is very good.Food quality is high standard and easily beat five star restaurant.The service is healthy and tip-top.

##

2015-08-27 09:42:47
SONIA BAID
29548506
5.0
Ambiance has its own charm...it works as an appetizer .service was excellent and now finally the food bowled over the rest. Tried nariyal subj shorba it was too good it feels still the taste lingrers in the mouth.had paneer paraath the preparation was light and the paneer melted in the mouth...super soft...seek kabab was tasty...main course was equally yummy. For dessert we tried pudding with ice cream. Do go for in-house water instead of mineral water...fresh mint flavoured too good.
Portions are sufficient 4 ppl. Would like to go again

##

2015-08-26 15:01:26
Harsh Agarwal
615445
5.0
This place is Amazing. 
Truly blessed place for a Vegetarian. 

If you like Panner, no other place will come close to it. 
The texture and taste of plain paneer is different. Thus it's taste is increased further when prepared into dishes. 

Must try items 
1. Any Panner dish
2 Maa ki daal
3 gun powder tomato
4 chur chur paratha
5 mango lassi

The staff is very friendly. Plus been there so many times it's like my own dining room to eat in.

##

2015-08-19 19:56:32
Sunrita Sarkar
804376
2.5
The decor is very beautiful undoubtedly but the food however, cannot seem to match the grandeur.  There is nothing outstanding about the taste nor cuisine. Typically North Indian cuisine. We went for the buffet and honestly, the buffet doesn't have anything special.

##

2015-08-16 23:30:26
Akshay Dhanuka
30499915
4.5
Bombay Brasserie is an ultimate fine dining experience. The ambience is fabulous and so is the food and hospitality. The food is served hot and very very quickly as well. I have had vegetarian food over there and so the review will be covering vegetarian dishes.

Shorba/ soup
Roasted makai shorba - buttery soup with popcorns inside. Something which I hadn't tasted before. A bit salty.

Nariyal aur subz shorba - buttery mix vegetable soup with tender coconut water. A bit sweet. Tasted nice but couldn't identify the coconut hint in it.

Starter
Lucknowi paraath paneer - softest paneer stuffed with pudina paste. Also has a spicy coating. The softness took my heart away. It simply melted in my mouth.

Main course
Badaami benarasi kofta - a thick golden gravy with kofta full of paneer and dry fruits. Very rich in taste and trust me, it would make you finish it till the last drop.

Kali dal - a standard black dal with a thick aroma. Very convincing.

Bread
Chur chur paratha - these are like lachcha paratha, with various spices sprinkled over it. A Bombay Brasserie specialty. Must try as you may not find it elsewhere.

Chilli cheese kulcha - a cheese burst kulcha with cut chillies inside. Tastes best when hot. Irresistible. Yummm..

Hare pyaaz ka kulcha - this is a onion stuffed kulcha. Tasted okay. Nothing special in it.

Drinks
Peach and lime sparkler - mocktail served in a jam can, with soda base. The best part was the taste which didn't seem to fade till the last sip. Tastes best when savoured from the first bite till the last.

##

2015-08-13 13:33:42
Michealle Mukhia
1410395
4.5
Where do I begin praising for this place? This place simply bowled me over when I first visited this place with my friend. The ambiance of this place gives you a good and positive feeling all together. It has a very sophisticated setting which makes you unleash the other side of you. Talking about food, do I even have to mention how great the food was? We both directly jumped to the main course and ordered for salli chicken, dum ki kali dai, lemon rice,chur chur paratha,roomali roti,and keema mughlai paratha. It sure was a heavy meal but all worth it. Lemon rice had all the flavors it needed to have. Salli chicken and lemon rice was a perfect combination. Keema mughlai paratha didnt fail to impress my taste buds. The keema was evenly distributed and I didnt feel its absence anywhere. If your taste buds are craving for good north indian and lucknowi food, a must visit place.

##

2015-08-10 12:39:23
Kshitij Dhanuka
397413
4.0
We went for a lunch at Bombay Brasserie with a groupon voucher. Usually places keep their menu for groupon very short but this was different, they had the whole menu open for us.!

The food and service here is very good and the portions are also adequate. We really enjoyed our meal here.!

The papad and chutney with onion, the amazing soup/shorba.!
The starters were different from the common ones and were very good.!
The Main Course was also very good, we orders Chur Chur Paratha, which was very tasty, their Badami Kofta was the best of all the main course dishes we ordered.

We even had desserts, rabri with imarti, which was also very nice !
My overall experience at this place was very good, loved the food, and will definitely be visiting again.!

____________________
Visit on 16/08/2015

We got seated as soon as we got there.!
This time I visited with family, so repeated most of the items like Makai Shorba, Badami Benarasi Kofta, Chur Chur Paratha, Hare Pyaz ka Kulcha, and Dum ki Kali Dal and all of them very delicious.
Also tried a new soup, Nariyal aur Subz Shorba, this was something new and tasted good !
We tried Chilli Cheese Kulcha...and it was like a Cheese Burst Kulcha with Chilli. They do not have a regular variety of dishes and Breads, they have an altogether different variety and they prepare it very well.!

This time we tried their mocktail, the Peach and Lime Sparkler, which was chilled and at it's best, from the very first sip, to the last sip.! It had its sweet and sour taste pleasing to our taste buds on every sip.! I say, it's a must try.!

##

2015-08-08 20:36:04
RAHUL MAHESWARI
1563311
4.5
A superb place. I had one of the best dining experiences here. The ambiance is good and food tastes nice. If u r in Ballygunge area, so please do visit

##

2015-08-07 00:19:21
Khushboo Sureka
1889216
3.5
We went to celebrate a friends birthday.. Starters was good and prepared well. We ordered a potato and a panner item. Dont remember what.
Main course was Dal, kofta, mix veg. All well prepared except mix veg(it was drastic).
The rotis were nice. Cheese chilli naan was very good. 

Special mention for papad: the portion is less and price is exorbitant. They should make papad complimentary with the level of fine dining it is.

Overall a good experience with a good pocket pinch.

##

2015-08-06 13:21:42
Penaaz Shaikh
15637498
2.0
I have always been a proud Calcuttan. Proud of my city, its heritage, culture and especially the food. Staying away for more than 10 years has not changed my love for my city.
So when I came visiting this time, I was elated that the city has so much new to offer in terms of food. Quest mall is one such example.
So I chose Bombay Brasserie for dinner with my close friends. The place looked and felt good so we thought of giving it a shot.
We had ordered a mutton galauti kebab along with its vegetarian counterpart, tomato soup, Salli chicken, paneer tikka masala, butter naan, classic mojhito and cucumber mojhito.
The presentation was good and fancy just like the restaurant. So we were impressed.
What turned us off was the food. You run a high end restaurant in one of the best malls in Calcutta, and what you serve is stale chicken! I am sorry, but this is completely unacceptable.
The kebabs weren't tasty and the non-veg main course had stale chicken. We were thoroughly disappointed. 
The table next to us also complained about poor quality of food.
If you are charging us, you better serve good quality food. This is one of the worst places I have visited in Calcutta. A city which is thriving with delicious food, Bombay Brasserie is one of the worst that it offers.
Never ever will a suggestion from my or my friends end go to anyone.
But a strong suggestion for you guys- buck up. Customers aren't fools.

##

2015-08-03 23:27:21
Tanju Roy
30054593
3.5
Nice Ambience. Good Food. Tried their Dhungar Maas with Jaipuri Sabz Mewa Pulao and it was so yummy. But the best part was Jalebi with Rabri it was super yum and the way they served, it was like wow. You can't help but ask to repeat. :D

##

2015-08-03 16:53:04
Soumi Chakraborty
6994701
5.0
one of the favorite restaurant.. awesome food drinks and beverage.. i had celebrated my birthday there and the cake was awesome. will visit again.. thank you.

##

2015-08-01 03:09:30
Roshni Sen
2089848
3.0
In hope of breathing a little breath of Bombay, I went to dine here with my family. The wise ones are correct when they say expectation is the source of sorrow. Indeed so. Despite the elaborate (and not to forget wondrous) decor and milieu captivating the essence of Bombay with the tea kettle resembling bombay's famous 'cutting chai' or the dabbas reminding one of the famous dabbawallas of the city, the food and service was however, extremely average. The drinks however were not bad. To sum up, there I a huge scope of improvement for finally its the food that matters not the intricate wall decors.

##

2015-07-31 22:22:13
Vishal Choudhary
3090101
4.5
One of the best restaurant I visited in quest mall 
Paneer lifafa is a must try item over there..
I have personally recommend many of my relatives to.try out there 
Lovely ambience 
Feels royalty 
Service are good too

##

2015-07-30 00:15:42
Aneesha Chaudhury
205549
4.5
Visited today. Expensive! But awesome! Staffs are very well mannered and friendly. Food is awesome. We took buffet.non veg buffet. All things were excellent except the soup! Soup is only good in Chinese flavour not in Indian flavour. Ambiance is also nice.

##

2015-07-27 18:10:00
Rijuta Manot
27965148
4.5
Sumptuous food and classy ambience made our meal here even more special. The shorba and biryani are worthy of being mentioned! Staff was courteous and food was served promptly. A great dining experience! :)

##

2015-07-26 12:30:10
Sneha Ghosh
575647
4.5
A real Indian food experience... The attendants were just too accommodating and helpful. We had a satisfying course of soup, starters and main course. That did not leave any space for dessert though. But we thoroughly enjoyed our food. Icing on the cake was when my fish item was modified in a chicken gravy, Kashmiri style. It was my second visit but first elaborate meal.

##

2015-07-26 01:16:57
Arnab Mitra
1939476
5.0
A royal Indian fine dining is what we experienced today at BB. Everything from food to the service to the decor speaks for itself here. 
Coming to food, we started with the Galawati kabab and the Chicken Sula kabab both of which were outstanding. The Ulta tawa paratha perfectly complimented the Galawati kabab. 
Then came the main course where we ordered Nawabi Ghost Biriyani, Salli Chicken and Chilli Cheese Kulcha. All of them were one of their kind with Salli chicken being the match winner here !
Lastly we ordered some desserts among which Rabri with Rasgulla and Aamras stole the show. It was an ecstatic rabri topped with rajbhog, aamras and almonds (a royal dessert indeed) !
My overall experience is that the price was a bit on the higher side compared to the proportions but one would definitely overlook the factor going by the location where it is in. All in all, one of the must try for all Indian food lovers ! Its worth it !

##

2015-07-25 15:36:57
Vivek Jain
501954
4.0
Good fine done restaurant with lots of variety in their menu. Visited once and being a vegetarian I must confess their veg dishes were very good specially dal makhni. Their service is also very good. Keep it up.

##

2015-07-24 18:13:57
Shruti Kejriwal
20243584
3.0
A must go for Paneer lovers..they offer Breshly baked paneer close to perfection... And overall the food is even pretty good just that for vegetarian the options are not much...

##

2015-07-23 22:19:40
Somnath Saha
617922
4.0
Today dined at bomba brasserie , the restaurant is good,ambience is good n more importantly the food is also good. Went there for the first time, so tried their popular dishes like murgh soolah kebab , chur chur paratha n dungar maas,The rest of the items were tried by my friends,according to them all the dishes were tasty,n my kebab was good , paratha was not so good bcoz it was not so soft.bt the dungar maas was good. All in all it was a good experience at this food joint of quest mall.

##

2015-07-22 00:29:10
Anubhav Sinha
871460
5.0
The food was excellent....  Though the service could have been slightly better for a fine dining place.  The main catch with the place is that it's popularity ensures that reservations are a must. 
The kebabs were excellent and chur chure  paratha was also nice.  The dal was merely passable but the mutton was very nicely done.  The cocktails are also nice. 
It was  a great dining experience but people may find it a bit expensive.. For 4 of us with drinks but without any sweet dish it was around 9k... People may consider it a bit too steep but the place is very nice...

##

2015-07-21 20:14:19
Anamitra Saha
30997308
4.0
Have been there twice in a year. Really an amazing experience. Got to taste an entire flavour of Maharashtra and Bengal as well. Very good hospitality. North Indian dishes are truly mouth watering out there and one should also try out items of fish in Bombay Brassiere, Quest Mall. Truly a very good experience.

##

2015-07-20 17:12:14
Prerak Mall
15648772
4.5
Happened to walk in with a friend long time back but haven't forgotten the experience yet. It was probably a weekday afternoon so the population was scarce. We had the tomato shorba and opted for the veg hyderabadi biryani. Portions were big. Food was really great. Ambience and service were splendid as well. Good place for a family meal or a romantic date. Plan to visit again soon.

##

2015-07-19 23:39:58
Ayushi Ladha
1693394
4.0
I have been here thrice and have always enjoyed the food. If you want to eat great North Indian food then think no more.This place serves you great food and a classy ambience.

##

2015-07-13 11:28:44
Shilpa
2680592
4.0
A good place for Indian cuisine. Good decor to Soothe your eyes. The lucknowi preparations are too sweet. Biriyani is good. Specially the gosht one. Kababs are the rock star. The staff is pleasant. Pocket pinch on the higher side. The same quality food you will get at a much lower price in kolkata. But obviously  you would visit the place for fine dining experience with special people.

##

2015-07-10 07:24:13
Debi Debadarshi
194551
4.0
If you would like to have a North Indian lunch/dinner with a class then probably this is one of the best option one can choose in Kolkata (outside 5stars hotels) . This restaurant exceeds expectation in terms of quality of food although price on higher side. A full cocktail  dinner (starter+main course+desert) will cost you 4.5-5 k for two persons. Ambience is pretty nice and staff are quite attentive. 

Below are the items one must try.

1. Chicken soola kebab ( in starter)
2. Dungar Maas (a must if you like mutton)
3. Ras e Aam (deserts)

The others we tried like Bombay chicken biryani, prawn koliwada and shahi zafrani tukda was good but nothing special to mention. 

If you like North Indian food you will surely love the food here.

##

2015-07-07 15:40:29
Aindrila Paul
27787015
5.0
Superb food , excellent decor and quality service.Simply loved the North Indian fare.definitely would love to visit again.Fingerlickingly  awesome food for North Indian food lovers!

##

2015-07-06 16:17:12
Sohini Sarkar
226598
4.0
Visited the restaurant yesterday. Lovely decor and great service. Ordered Galowati Kebabs, Salli Chicken, Rumali Roti and Burrani Raita. Great flavours. Good portions. 

In short, loved the food!

No complaints/suggestions yet!

##

2015-07-06 12:43:33
Rishabh Sen
1736419
4.5
Had a great experience here Outstanding presentation of food and great service The quality of food was also quite good especially the kababs and biriyani Everyone must try this restaurant at least once I can guarantee you will not be disappointed

##

2015-07-06 09:47:50
Varun Ganeriwal
1911198
2.5
Probably the most over-rated place in Kolkata. Not even a single dish does justice to either the reputation or the price tag. The food is tasteless. It's one of the very few places which gets the spice quotent in Indian food terribly wrong. As for the ambience, it is pretty upmarket and gives one the expensive restaurant feel. It is probably the only strong point the restaurant boasts of.

##

2015-07-05 15:45:55
Purbani Das
15786844
2.5
We were told this is one of the best places for North Indian and we had to visit as the cuisine is one of our favorites. So we did. We ordered Galawati Kebabs, Prawns Koliwada and Murg Soola Kebab for starters. The prawns were fine. The chicken was good and the Galawati was a paste of some kind moulded into little kebabs, placed on leather like hard and greasy mini parathas. It had the consistency of a puree. Very, very disappointed with that. When we say meat should melt in the mouth, we certainly don't mean puree it. 

For main course we had a few different types of parathas, Dum ki kaali daal  and Dum ki nalli, a mutton dish supposed to have saffron and herb flavours. Nothing. The mutton was wonderfully cooked. It fell off the bones but the gravy was absolutely bland. No flavour punch whatsoever.  The parathas were lovely, the daal was bearable. So, overall a mixed experience. Just because it's fine dining, doesn't mean it's great.

##

2015-07-03 09:28:32
Pooja Dasgupta
1865554
4.0
My Experience:
To be extremely candid, when this place opened, I was slightly reluctant as I had prejudged the food to be of the quintessential greasy North Indian kind. But I am so glad I finally tried it out. Bombay Brasserie serves anything but oily food. Even the Parathas (Fried Indian Bread) have a moderately low amount of oil which perfectly suited my taste buds. The mocktails at Bombay Brasserie  are quite creative in a contemporary Desi way.  
Kacche Aam ka Sherbet is a must-try and will never leave you disappointed.
For the soup, I tried their Murg Badami Shorba which was served in a very pretty bowl. The soup is thick yet on the lighter side.  So in case you are inclined to a spicier taste, this is not for you. As for starters, I feel Bombay Brasserie does a brilliant job. The Gunpowder Potatoes has to be my personal favorite along with the crispy Andhra Chicken. 
My main course at Bombay Brasserie consisted of Paneer Sirka Pyaaz, Tarkari Masaledaar, Kaali Daal, Salli Chicken and Martaban Achari Chicken, all served with Churchur Paratha, Saffron Paratha followed by Handi Biriyani. Special mention about the Saffron Paratha which was the best ever. Also, the Handi Biriyani was a balance of taste and perfect aroma. 
Keeping the best for the last, the dessert! The Chocolate Kurkure with Icecream and Jalebi with Rabri stole my heart, absolutely.
Ambience:
Good place for fine dining, comfortable seating and good service. 
What could have been better:
Good music would have made the experience even better. Also, the paper table-mats could be replaced.

More detailed review on
https://dialifestyle.wordpress.com/2015/07/03/nomnom-bombay-brasserie-review/

##

2015-07-02 10:18:49
PROSENJIT KAR
539097
4.0
One of the many fine dining options available at Quest Mall. Very relaxed ambience with a very Indian feel. Amazing food and service. For starters we tried the Paanch Phoron Chicken which was very tender and juicy with a very marination. Along with it we had the Amritsari Machchi Tikka. Again cooked in the traditional punjabi style with great flavours. For main course we ordered for Dhaba Chicken which was very unique. Prawn Gassi was kind of ok but the chillies in the gravy were a bit overpowering. For accompaniments we had a bread basket and some steamed rice. The mocktail selections are also pretty good on the menu. Definitely worth a try although it's a bit heavy on your pocket but considering it's in Quest Mall you would accept the prices. Surely visiting it again.

##

2015-06-29 16:16:31
Harshit Sawalka
707464
3.5
Nice and soothing ambience, good staff, hospitality is great, music was a bit too loud for a Sunday lunch. I did not find the food as good as it should have been if you go by the other reviews but its definitely above average, a bit too 'malasedar' I would like to add. Drinks are not that expensive. Overall a nice place to go with your family.

##

2015-06-28 21:36:33
Gaurav Bansal
982120
4.0
Only one of the fine dining restaurants on the fifth floor of Quest Mall.  I have been twice and both times the service has been prompt and the food has been delicious. I will keep going there.

##

2015-06-28 02:52:19
Hemang Sheth
2245594
5.0
Mouth watering food. North Indian at its best I can say. Its located in one of the best Malls of Kolkata, I guess to serve the best food :)

Chur Chur parathas a must try

##

2015-06-28 02:51:55
Medha Jha
232713
4.5
Delicious food. Beautiful ambience. Great Service. Place to be if you love North Indian! Kinda expensive if you're on a tight budget. But it's okay once in a while ;)

##

2015-06-27 22:39:41
Surjit
16010212
4.0
Quest mall does offer great places for foodies from all over the town. Having visited this place just one, I can firmly say that it impresses with its décor and quality. The attitude with which the support staff deals with your needs seemed very professional and courteous.

 Found the rates slightly higher compared to the standards but it's acceptable considering the location it is at.  Overall, a nice experience and I wouldn't think much to pay another visit whenever I get the moment..

##

2015-06-26 13:33:00
Yashashwi Malani
2146642
5.0
This place is by far the best if you want to have North Indian..the quality of the food is incredible..from the soups n beverages to the desserts everything is just delicious..the service is pretty good too only when its not weekend..a must for all..dont forget to try the chocolate kurkuri..:)

##

2015-06-21 00:45:33
Aakansha Mittal
577146
4.5
This was my 3rd visit to this beautifully done restaurant in Quest Mall. This place has its own charm. Simple decor yet so beautiful. Aqua blue sofas and chairs. Truly a visual treat. Talking about the food.. I tried their soup which has popcorn pieces in it. The taste was great and very different from normal sweet corn soup. Apart from that the food is extremely well made. The portions are good enough for 5 people and so ends up being not so expensive. The staff is also courteous and well trained. Overall a good experience. People should definitely try this place !

##

2015-06-19 13:23:23
Dwaipayan Chakraborty
27820840
4.0
This place will never leave you disappointed and the grandeur and ambiance of the place is sure to leave a memorable experience.Great place for women as an all woman group gets a really huge happy hour discount.   The cost however is really on the upper side and it seems the restaurant is a little over priced considering they mostly specialise in north indian cuisine.  However the food is cooked too well and is reminiscent of an originality thatbis hard to substitute. Hats off to the chefs who have come out with such meticulous styling of all the platters. Their service too is one of a class and quantity served is sufficient. However as I mentioned before the grandeur will leave such a notable experience that you would find it safest when it comes for your turn to throw a party and you want no non sense.

##

2015-06-19 00:31:53
Aratrika Paul
6310701
5.0
Yes...it deserves full marks !! It was really imp day ...so went there to celebrate his birthday ! The place was very nicely decorated...simple yet so refined ..we went for buffet..which was not very expensive (surprisingly), the food when on coming.. 12 dishes including desert.. it was tasety...soft! Chicken was as soft as fish!   Yes.tat soft!! Less oil...light ..perfection is what i tasted! Service was so warm.. so polite... just made our day...no doubt...its my new favourite...its a must visit for every1 !

##

2015-06-18 13:43:56
Anant Kanoria
475132
4.5
Bombay brasserie serves great Indian food - although it's a little heavy but the taste is excellent. We went there yesterday and had a great time. The paneer ke tukde was to die for. The yellow dal was very good

##

2015-06-16 16:20:04
Saurabh Sharda
1718460
4.0
After hearing a lot of good things about this place I am glad we finally tried it. 

               The décor of this restaurant is very tastefully done. As soon as you enter the place you know it is different from any run of the mill north Indian restaurant. The huge globe shaped chandeliers with candle shaped bulbs, the dark wood and deep turquoise coloured furniture, the wall recesses with various collectibles, copperware, chinaware etc do lend a lot of character to this place.

Order:

Soups & Starters:

1.)	Crackling tamatar soup: Comes in a humongous soup bowl, the quantity is quite large too for half a bowl. It tastes decent, slightly on the sweet side.

2.)	Gun powder potatoes: Baby potatoes in some dry masala with lots of onions and distinct taste of gunpowder. Pretty good and must try.

3.)	Stuffed mushrooms: This was exceptional! A must try. Button mushrooms, well marinated, moist and succulent.

4.)	 Paneer ke tukde: Paneer tikka with sparse marination. Quality of paneer is good but lacks taste. Can be avoided.

 Main Course:

1.)	Paneer tikka Butter Masala: Disappointing! Tastes like you are eating a “Ready to eat/instant” paneer. No taste of tandoor, very little masala with just lots of sweet tomato gravy. I heard paneer sirka pyaz is a lot better.

2.)	Badami Benarsi kofta: “ chenna” kofta made the way it is meant to be. Nice.

3.)	Lohe Ki kadai ke aloo: Another must try. Comes in a semi dry gravy, with some tanginess of the lohe ki kadai.

4.)	Dum Ke kali dal: I have had better.

5.)	Dal tadkewali: It is pointless trying to sell yellow dal to black dal lovers but this is way way better than their black dal. A must have.

6.)	Parda Subz Biryani: The only veg option in biryani, nicely made in a traditional style.

Breads:

1.	Chur chur paratha: over hyped , nothing that great. A quasi lacha paratha you may call it.

2.	Ulta tawa: very thin, but too sweet.

3.	Chilli cheese kulcha: Slurrpp….utterly, butterly delicious. Has Lots of chillies And processed cheese.

4.	Paneer Lifafa Paratha: Another stunner, really thin with generous quantity of cottage cheese. Tastes good just like that.

Side order:

Fresh lime sodas: This is the acid test for any restaurant, nothing more refreshing & pleasing like a good fresh lime soda at least for a non-alcoholic person. Yes, they passed the test with flying colours!! They serve it in a milk bottle.

Desserts :

1.	Jalebi: Well made baby jalebis- crisp,brown served with rabri dip. If you are a jalebi lover you cannot miss this.

2.	Kulfi: Kesar Pista kulfi topped with faluda smeared in rose syrup. Presented in a huge bowl with smoke coming from the sides. Nothing extraordinary but not bad either.

3.	Shahi Tukra: I read in previous reviews that people were bowled over by this dessert, I am afraid they have never had an actual shahi tukra.

The way it is meant to be: Bread fried in ghee till its brown & crisp is then dipped in chaasni aka sugar syrup, topped with generous quantity of well made,rich rabri. Garnished with pistachios, saffron, almonds & some ‘Barak’. The bread is warm and the rabri is room temperature or cold.

They Serve: Well its basically a bread rasmalai - the bread soggy, too much of milk, rabri too thin.
 

Per Head Cost:

-All veg food, no alcohol.

- no of heads were 15, total bill 17K. That’s approx 1100/head.

 In a large group people tend to order more, with 4-5 people dining it should not exceed 8-900 per head.

Conclusion:

We went on a Saturday evening & it was packed. Yet the food was very good, the breads were properly done. I was impressed by the prompt service of the staff. They have an extensive menu, so you are spoilt for choices. Their presentation style is excellent. If you know what to order, you will not be disappointed. I would like to be a regular here.

##

2015-06-14 12:26:30
Abhinav Parekh
89878
5.0
Lovely different Indian food in Kolkata! We love the galouti kebab chur chur paratha the kala khatta gola paneer basanda kofta (my mouth is watering and craving for it on writing this) and everything else on the menu! Its a good change from eating the regular Kwality and other Indian restaurants food as this is different. I think its a great place for a family dinner. A must visit for anyone who hasn't been there yet.

##

2015-06-11 12:09:52
Vipul Baid
736530
5.0
This place was on my wishlist for quite a sometime and finally i got a chance to visit this place last evening for dinner with my family. Bombay Brasserie is one of the exotic eateries among those in Quest Mall, which serves really good North Indian Cuisine. The water they serve is aromatic and is enriched with herbs. Everything about this place is just perfect be ut the decor, the location, their staff or their kebabs! Amazing ambiance and delicious food. A little ecpensive but i guess its worth. The food served here is descent. We had ordered for:
Soup: Roasted makai shorba( popcorn was there in cream of soup). 
Main course:  Panner ke tukde, challi subz ki seekh( it wad kebab with corn), Paneer tikka butter masala, Lohe ki kadai ke aloo, Badami Benarasi kofta, many types of breads(stuff naan, rumali roti(was best), butter naan, tandoori roti, kulcha, aloo paratha. 
Drinks: Classical mojito, Watermelon blast, Magarita, Fresh lime soda, Absolute with red bull, Long island ice tea. 
Deserts: Baked chocolate pudding, kulfi, jalebi. 
Highly recommended.

##

2015-06-09 15:01:05
Anamitraa/The Gut Filling
671420
4.0
Bombay Brasserie is one of the exotic eateries among those in quest mall, which serves really good Indian cuisine. We had been there once after a shopping session at Quest and the experience was quite good. The water they serve is aromatic and is enriched with herbs. It doesn't only has a good aroma, but needed for medical ailments too. On the other hand, we had Prawn Thecha, Churchur Paratha and Salli Chicken. All the dishes were well cooked and I loved the place. Planning to visit here again in near future. Happy Dining! :)

##

2015-06-09 10:34:11
Anumeha Dalmia
14626941
4.5
Have already been to this place nearly five times, and I still can't get enough of it. 
Highs: exceptional food, good quantity, cooperative staff and a beautiful view of the kitchen (P.S. You could get to see how they make rumali roti's) while you're seated in the restaurant. 
Lows: since my dad wants non-spicy food, they don't have much option for that. 

Overall, a fine dining experience.

##

2015-06-01 18:38:56
Kanika Somani
12039061
3.5
Ambience is good service is good. Had Challi subz ki seekh in starter .It was delicious . in the main course we ordered tarkari masaledar and dal makhni. And biryani. Chur chur parantha was a new try for me. But it was disappointing . It looked so less and also tasted just fine. The quantity of vegetables is enough to serve 2 or max 3. Book a table and go. Probably I would visit it again  and try the "known for" dishes.

##

2015-05-28 00:11:16
Priyanka Vijayakumar
683538
4.5
If you're vegetarian you have to order the paneer tikka butter masala. It is brilliant. Also order the pindi choley and in terms of breads the chilli cheese kulcha. For carnivores I believe the prawn koliwada and all the chicken dishes are really good. Best north Indian fare I've had in a while

##

2015-05-27 10:06:44
Aadhar Gupta
1244658
3.5
The ambience here is awesome..and the decor is beautiful..the service is average..The food served here is decent The best dish here is the Shahi tukda .

##

2015-05-25 22:06:17
Mihir Kochar
29531308
5.0
Nice food!The cheese chilli paratha was very nice ! The sabji were also very delicous ! Please visit this place! The indian flavour oozes out!

##

2015-05-25 12:47:21
Namrata Jain
29622772
1.0
Had the misfortune of having dinner out there on last Sunday ........go there if u are interested in eating ANTS!- and all that the manager manager could do was to say sorry! Extremely disappointed ......would never recommend or return!

##

2015-05-24 20:39:05
Anindita Ghosh
1025083
4.0
After a late night show of Piku at the Quest Mall, we 4 were really very hungry. At around 11pm we headed to Bombay Brasserie. The ambience was nice and calm. The chairs were comfortable enough. The only problem with the staff was that they were quite inattentive. My mum asked for a glass of water but they just kept the glasses on the table and forgot about the water part. On asking for it again, they served us water.
Now, the containers with which they serve water are very interesting. 

As we were quite hungry, we decided to  order the main course directly. 
Here's what we ordered :- 

1) Galouti Kebab @Rs.440, 4.5/5 : 4 disc shaped, mouth melting, soft, full of mutton kebabs supported by a small paratha that have soaked up all the flavours and oil released from the galouti-s! Absolutely lip smacking. The kebabs had that smooth texture and softness every galouti should have. The flavours were intense and really appealing to the taste buds. 

2) Ulta tawa paratha @Rs.95, 4.3/5 : The parathas were crispy and slightly sweet, which was actually nice! The paratha had a flavour of kesar and was most probable kneaded with milk. Very nice.

3) Nawabi Gosht Biryani @Rs.475 × 2 , 4/5 : We ordered a plate of chicken and mutton biryani each! Mind you, the biryani is not the typically kolkata style. The biryani had subtle flavours with rich aromatic spices kicking right in between! There were 5 pieces of meat in each plate. The mutton and chicken pieces were boneless and very soft! :)

4) Sahi Zafrani Tukda @Rs.190, 4.7/5 : This dish was a stunner! It was not too sweet and the flavours were spot on. It was served with chopped almonds on top. The soaked bread was as light and soft as cotton. Literally melted in my mouth! Brilliant!

The total cheque came around 2.5K. Yeah, the price is a bit on the higer scale but given to the fact that it is a fine dining restaurant and the quality they serve, the price can be overlooked upon. 

Recommended. :)

Happy eating! :D

##

2015-05-21 21:01:46
Mousomee Shome
684637
4.5
I loved every piece of it..starting from the interior to the last sip of mocktail..would visit again wd frens..😊 ultimate place for d foodie freaks like me..and i loved the menu..

##

2015-05-21 00:37:14
Pranab Chatterjee
27904977
4.5
Bombay is where I trained as an Architect and where we discovered all the economical and fantastic eateries run by the Iranis,Parsees,Shettys,Mangaloreans,Konkanis,Marathas et all.To me no single city has as much of different culinary influences as the erstwhile Bombay.
it is with this historical perspective and aspirations that I visited the Bombay Brasserie in Kolkata and I was not dissappointed.
First things first.....decor and ambience tries to recreate the Bombay of yore with round marble top tables and over the top chandeliers and kind of succeed in evoking the nostalgia.
The Shikanzi awesome in taste and presentation as can be seen in the accompanying pic.
Now brasstacks.........We ordered the following starters and my rankings are for everyone to see
Andhra Chicken  4
Prawn thecha      5
Tandoori Gobi.    4
Nizami Sheekh Kabab  5
Winners all of them

Main course we went....

Salli chicken.  2
Dum ki nalli.   5

Breads

Keema mughlai paratha. 4
Amritsari aloo kulcha.  3
Hare pyaz kankulcha 2

Dessert

Jalebi with rabri.  5

So it's clear we were happy diners.Portions were good and so was the service.Scope of improvement remains in time taken to serve mains and maybe make cooking more bambaiya but that's just me thinking aloud.....

##

2015-05-18 07:38:45
Chandra More
1332481
4.5
Great ambience, nice quality food. Service was exellent. A little overpriced I hope that is due to high rental of quest mall. Will visit again.

##

2015-05-16 19:43:58
Jayasmita Chakravarty
436900
3.0
Quest Mall is crawling with restaurants and most are rather great, but this failed to live up to the standards. Fancy is all it had to offer. Food was average and extremely overpriced for what they had to offer. Peter Cat has the same menu at a much reasonable price. The only thing of novelty that I had there was the Smirnoff with cranberry juice, but I'm sure it's available elsewhere too.

##

2015-05-16 09:02:25
Tathagata Paul
766426
1.0
After visiting all the restaurants in quest, I visited this restaurant along with 4 of my family members. The decorum was very good. The seating arrangements were well done. The service was also good as the waiter never made us wait that much. But coming to the food, the main reason for visiting a restaurant, was  disappointing. Except from the paneer and the panch foran chicken that we ordered nothing tasted special.
Almost most other dishes had that same tomato gravy. Even the non-butter naan had so much butter in it. It was so greasy all over. Not that food is cheap actually it is very pricy. 
Until some improvements are made, I hope not to visit this restaurant at least for a fine dining.

##

2015-05-15 21:53:58
Sayan Saha
3036030
3.5
I went at the Quest mall. Nice decoration healthy atmosphere. And overall good indian food .. Love that paneer poured paratha..you will like the taste..lil different

##

2015-05-10 22:34:15
Arpan Chakraborty
2102116
4.0
Excellent food. Nice ambiance. Good service. Over all good. Keema Mughlai Paratha and Kulfi a must try. Kebabs are great. Great testy foods. Decent Moktails .

##

2015-05-10 14:25:14
Vinay Bajoria
29271558
4.0
Great ambience and great food.

Waiting for a table can be tedious. Food quality was excellent and all 9 of us had a really great time.

Highly reccomended.

##

2015-05-07 18:15:56
Adrija Banerjee
617937
5.0
carefully chosen ingredients and unbelievable dexterity in plating is what made this dining out experience special for me. food was not overburdened with sauces and spices to hide their flaws but simple fragrant marination and freshness of ingredients made the succulent kebobs ( gilauti and fish tikka for me)a proper experience where dinner became the main occasion. the main course was consistent in its standards with an avant-garde selection of delectable breads and simply irresistible sauces complimenting their highlighted fish or meat counterparts. my honest compliments to the sous-chef. for people fond of mutton please try dum-ki-nalli and for those who enjoy an exotic vegetarian dish, the kofta will to wonders. kudos to the ones behind the fabulous menu and the recipes leading to such dining-out experience. also honorable mentions for the selection of alcohol and the courteous staff .

##

2015-05-04 21:11:05
Anand Broto Bose
264276
4.0
Visited BB for the first time yday which was a Sunday...the place was packed and had to wait for half an hour before I got a place...had Mutton Nalli which was not too spicy and the meat was cooked to perfection as in most places the meat is chewy. The phirni too was good with chikki/almond/gulkand flavours... Though the prices are on the higher side being located in Quest Mall.. would recommend that you visit BB.

##

2015-05-03 15:56:42
Gaurav
2654962
4.5
Awesome food, had Paneer Kali Mirch and Kali Dal both were good, would recommend Chur Chur Nan a must try,  lachha parantha was a bit disappointment ... Desserts are awesome and Service was also good.

##

2015-05-02 15:59:28
Adarsh Agarwal
29190803
1.5
sabzi was tasteless. starters are too good and soup was good too i tried the paneer sabzi and chola both had normal usual taste and specially the paneer starters was fab

##

2015-04-28 09:38:31
Trina Saha
2590706
4.5
Quite good food! Although the quality of the fish was not upto the mark for the price paid. But each dish tasted very good! Overall good expenditure and would like to visit again.

##

2015-04-27 17:10:01
Sayani
29014845
5.0
One more addition to Kolkata’s food bucket list, Bombay Brassiere should be the newest pick for all foodies! Everything about this place is just perfect be it the décor, the location, their staff or their galouti kebabs! The galouti kebabs are just heavenly. The vegetarian dishes are a tad tastier than the non-veg. main course. However, the Non-veg starters are really good. Bombay Brassiere has an exclusively way of serving mocktails & sweet dishes- so don’t miss out ordering one for yourself. Get a reservation done before planning a dinner date because usually there are no walk-ins. This place is expensive but all your money spent is worth the experience.

##

2015-04-26 20:42:58
Himanshu Jhunjhunwala
290587
5.0
One of the best place in the city for north Indian food. Amazing ambiance and amazing food.
Their vodka shikanjee is to die for.

Starters were good. Best was the chur church parathey , onion kulcha and mirchi paratha.

A must try

##

2015-04-23 13:19:37
Medha Dey
1685464
4.0
Excellent food, very tasty. Service was good and the decor is beautiful. A little expensive, but I guess it's worth it. I liked how they decorate tulsi leaves inside the glass tumblers. They serve North Indian, Lucknowi type of food. Spicy and sumptuous, with myriad flavours tickling your taste buds.

##

2015-04-22 00:57:56
Amit Agarwal
876059
4.0
Liked the place....too good for rich people...lolz....service is very poor....this cos try to make the setup to compit international standard...but all this waiters make them down...

##

2015-04-21 19:56:26
Chaahat Kohli
1958188
4.0
It seems like places in Kolkata have a better range of food say what so ever! The city with a historical background has a fantastic line up and choices when it comes to food. Loved the Indian food at Bombay brasserie. We ordered for the chicken tikka, amritsari fish tikka, veg seekh and daal makhni. Loved the veg seekh and fantastic daal! The chur chur parantha was amazing too plus the garlic naan was tasteful and yummy! The non vegetarians liked the veg seekh more than the non veg options. The chicken was highly disappointing for them. The fish again very flavourful and fabulous! 
All in all great food with amazing ambience. Service too was really good and prompt.

##

2015-04-18 22:59:37
Sachit Gandhi
27932840
4.5
We went on Wednesday . a working day but still was almost full . this itself shows how good a place it is . every thing we ordered lived up to my expectations . the service was prompt and very rich ambience . one must have the black dal and green onion kulcha . the place is little on the higher side pocket wise but definitely worth every penny . i would rate it amongst the good north Indian restaurant in Kolkata .

##

2015-04-18 17:33:47
Sreepurna Ghosh
456875
4.5
Must try place. Especially the galaoti kebabs. Melts in ur mouth. Ambience s really good n staff attentive. Only thing s they offer the wine on a bottle basis which made us switch to cocktails n we were nt happy. The cosmopolitan tasted more like cough syrup. But overall experience was good. Definitely going back.

##

2015-04-16 21:43:01
Sourjya Chowdhury
16082482
4.0
If you're looking for North Indian cuisine in Kolkata, you can stop and head over to this place. Perfect ambience. Delicious food. Kebabs are amazing. Galouti Kebab is my favourite. 
A bit on the expensive side, but foodies will be more than happy to spend on such quality food.

##

2015-04-16 18:26:19
SV
27279247
4.5
Great place with great food and great service. The Acharn chicken was to die for. Just had to get the leftovers packed! Will definitely visit again. Keep up the great standard!

##

2015-04-15 15:22:07
Amarta Ghose
20226781
4.0
Delicious n delectable !!! From all over the country. It's a bit expensive but foodies would be happy to shell out for the amazing taste of each item on the menu. Not to miss the Galouti kebab !!!

##

2015-04-14 15:59:59
Sharad Ghai
27955125
5.0
We had a family lunch and it was OUTSTANDING. Both food and service were incredible ! 
Reminded me of Zaranj back in its heyday. Its not cheap but worth every penny. Cant wait to go back.

##

2015-04-13 13:10:02
SUDIPTO BANERJEE
81658
4.5
Went there with my wife within a couple of months of its opening shop.
we ordered the following:
Galawati Kebab
Anglo Bangla fish
Jhinga Gol Mirch
Kheema Mughlai Paratha

The Kebabs just melted in your mouth, the fish was cooked to perfection and the paratha was lip smacking and you could literally eat the paratha without any curries. The jhinga or prawn though, could have been a little more tender though.
In desserts, we ordered, Trio of phirni and Chocolate kurkuri. We also had the Blue bloom and the Cucumber Mojito for quenching our thirst

##

2015-04-10 21:40:17
Shabana Rahman
20499967
4.0
Nice ambience. The best biryani in town and the drinks we had was also nice. The Punjabi bread platter was expensive for 3 small parathas( size of a poori ) but the chicken we ordered made up for it. Bit loud on weekends as it gets a bit crowded. Must visit if you like muglai food.

##

2015-04-09 12:12:28
Ankita Jhunjhunwala
1540395
5.0
A very cool n nice ambience... With perfect interiors to blend in with the environment.. Must try kebabs ..nice served and tastes amicable... Main course as well is delightful.. Though m not a fan of paneer dishes...but the paneer tikka butter masala must tryout... If u are looking for a perfect family dinner place don't rule out Bombay brasserie...

##

2015-04-07 08:31:14
Sarada Hariharan
10622291
3.5
Ambience good.  Food menu is good and the food is tasty. The mushroom starter (stuffed mushroom I think) in particular is worthy of mention.  Availability of drinks was a problem - whatever we asked for was not available,  including both alcoholic and non alcoholic aerated drinks and ultimately we had to settle for something else.

##

2015-03-31 15:41:53
Mukesh Chandra
27670849
4.0
First visit to Bombay brasserie, infact the staff was considerate to accommodate us upon an early arrival than the scheduled reservation. Being it the first visit, i was a little excited about the menu and taste of the food. But at the end of the meal i was convinced that decision of visiting BB was a right one and the food was highly pleasant to the taste. Mutton biryani was delectable.

However, the time they took to get the order was a little longer than the desired timings. Overall a wonderful dining experience with wonderful decor, comfortable sitting and clean tableware.

##

2015-03-27 17:47:30
Sneha Bhootra Bagri
3228791
4.5
I was visiting Kolkata and somehow did not know that this place existed in Mumbai too. MY BAD!!

Well, the food here was quite tasty. I generally am very fussy about having Indian cuisine when dining out, but this place was a delight. All the dishes were well prepared. The paneer dishes esp, with fresh and very soft paneer. It was yumm!!
Must try is the Biryani out here and the Khus based Mocktail.

Pocket pinch- Rs.575 per person (without alcohol) and totally worth it!!

##

2015-03-24 03:42:37
Piya
1091388
3.0
I found this place again to be a little average, the food was nothing special. The same old boring tomato curry flavoured gravy, greasy nuns etc. The decor is excellent and the seating arrangement very nice and comfortable. The staff is again attentive and pays attention to every detail. 
Their desserts were outstanding! We ordered shahi tukra and kulfi! They were delicious and the presentation was mind blowing ! 
I have been to this place only once but would like to visit again and hopefully this time the standard of the food would be a little bit better. Keeping my fingers crossed!

##

2015-03-24 01:11:40
Arpita Roy
10915
4.0
We had to treat a large group of people and after much research we settled in for Bombay Brasserie. 

We ordered Galawati Kebab and Paperwali Macchi for starters. I had great expectations from Galawati Kebab but while it was good, I had surely had better in Delhi. The surprise package to me was Paperwali Macchi. It was amazing and probably a dish which would make me go back to BB once again. 

For mains, we ordered Paneer Sirka Pyaz, Dhungar Maas and Achari Chicken. While the chicken was quite average, both the vegetarian and the mutton dish were very good. We had ordered a few mocktails but they were average at best. However, I understand the liquor is quite cheap compared to other restaurants as confirmed by my friends who had accompanied us. 

The food and the service at the restaurant is pretty good but make sure you check the bill before you pay up. There were several errors in our bill (probably due to multiple orders) which we didn't bother to notice as we were in a hurry to leave. Ultimately, we overpaid by Rs. 80. The ambience is quite and relaxing but the decor could be better.

##

2015-03-20 22:46:21
Raunak Jain
1615280
4.5
Location- 5th floor of quest mall. Situated along with many other restaurants. As u enter Bombay Brasserie the ambience mesmerizes ur eyes. The looks are simply borrowed from restaurants in foreign... An amazing one.

Food ordered-
1) Tomato soup- An amazing soup... And was absolutely not of a purie... First plaxe where i have had an original food.... An absolut 10/10 for soup.

2) Lucknowi paath paneer- An amazing panner dish.... Never had such a paneer tikka ever... Though taj has a better one... A very suitable dish for a starter.

3) Aloo dum- Great quantity... Not at all sweet... an amazing salty one...

3) Lachcha paratha- Not as expected.But still a gud one.

4) Roasted papad- Quite less quantity compares to other places... It's gud to order 2 potions for 4 people.

5) Veg pulao- Very amazing... A typical veg pulao.

Ratings:
Tomato soup- 4.5/5
Lucknowi paath paneer4/5
Aloo dum- 4/5
Lachcha paratha- 3/5
Veg pulao- 3.5/5


Summary-
Food quality- 3.75/5
Food quantity- 5/5
Taste-3.75/5
Hygeine-5/5
Hospitality-5/5
Value for money- 4/5

Meal for one- 700-900 (approx)

 No suggestions required... Absolutely perfect.
 
All's well that ends well...

A must visit.

##

2015-03-14 07:57:52
Soumyadeep Basu
1989868
4.5
Visited this place in a weekday evening....still lots of crowd was there. Very nice ambiance though not typical fine dining style but more elegant cafe style. Large glass enclosure dominates the main decor where you can see cooks are busy in cooking. Now coming to the food....most of them taste very good....specially the Gulawati Kebab so soft it almost melts in the mouth. Others I don't remember the exact names but those are also very nice. In the desert I tried Ras-E-Aam which I like very much. Price is on the stiffer side and they also took some time to deliver the food. But overall service is very good. I will recommend this place to everyone.

##

2015-03-12 15:27:07
Delhi Bhukkad
29806688
5.0
Its for the very first time that i am propelled to rate a restaurant at 5.0. We ordered subj kebab,paneer butter masala and kali dal and churchur roti. And we ate to our hearts content. The tomato soup in the beginning reminded of childhood days. Perfect sweetness! And my favourite was: fresh lime soda :p im still craving for some more! I cant wait to revisit this place!

##

2015-03-09 17:36:04
Shweta Choudhary
1178384
4.5
This plc was on my wishlist fr quite a sumtym and finally i gt a chnc to visit this plc last evng fr dinner. To start with the ambience, the decor is really cool and classy and a sophisticated one. I jst loved the glibe shape chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. A major portion of the wall has the view of a glass kitchen where the breads and tandoor items are prepared. The ambience was more like a cafe than a fine dining restaurant. The staff out their are friendly too and cater to your needs. The place has a very informative menu and the names of the items are also marvellous one. Coming to the food, for starters we had ordered galawati kebab and watermelon blossom. The galawati kebab was extrmly soft and tender.. An excellent Galawati kebab tht i hv had tl date. The watermelon blossom was on the sweeter side which also tasted good. For main course we had ordered lucknowi murg qorma along wid rumali roti and garlic naan ..lucknowi murg qorma was a good one but it was a bit on the sweeter side. The rumali roti was extrmly soft and tender. The garlic naan was good too!! For desserts we had ordered Shahi Zaffran Tukda which was simply mouth watering.. I simply am not too fond of indian desserts, infact i dnt eat it..but wen my husband pressurized me to try it out i simply loved it! One must definitely not miss this!! Overall a pleasant exprnc i had and simply loved the food!!

##

2015-03-08 10:07:44
Ram Jalan
198090
4.0
By the name Bombay u hope to see local Bombay dishes but it's out and out North Indian Punjabi Restaurant. 

The owner is a smart rookie when it comes to building the interior. He has invested smartly and created impressive decor. Very good lighting, walls. Furniture though could be improved considerably. 

The food is delicious, with a wide variety. The food is very tasty and with a variety of option. The chef is polite and services your request personally. The presentation is Dhaba types. Therefore the presentation doesn't blend with decor. Overall it was a wonderful experience

##

2015-03-06 20:55:11
Kunal Agarwal
16141406
4.5
The food is great, service is also good and on Sundays there is a lot of waiting the whole place gets full at 8 pm good place to visit with family and friends

##

2015-03-03 12:00:43
ANUPAMA AGARWAL
20373574
4.5
It was Sunday evening and we were 3 of us and as usual it was full but luckily we didn't have to wait much. We placed our order the service was quite prompt. The food was good. We had a satisfying experience.

##

2015-03-02 11:04:04
Pratik Banthia
1575920
4.0
After hearing a lot about the place from friends & acquaintances ; I thought of giving it  shot.. Ok so let's start with what creates a first impression , that's the ambience of the place .. It's has a one toned and plain sophisticated ambience, with antiques hanging giving the place a very uber look .. Well furnished ! I was greeted very nicely by the staff who were extremely Courteous while taking the order . 
The starter " Gunpowder potatoes" was nothing short of exquisite .. All timers like dal makhani and masala kulcha were decent .. My friend had ordered a chicken dish which was a part of the special menu, called " Jalandhar ke kukkad" .. I don't know about the taste but his face had quite a contended expression .. Virgin mojito was very refreshing .. All and all , it was a scrumptious meal on a Sunday afternoon.. I had a pretty nice experience at the place.. 
They might even be amongst the legendary restaurants in the town.. Provided they showcase a signature dish and work hard to maintain their quality ! 
Thank you for reading my review.

##

2015-02-27 14:16:49
Saif Ansari
1530816
1.0
Food is bad!
Ambiance and all is okay but they seriously they don't know what they are cooking!
Just the fancy name and mediocre food. I ordered achari chicken and even if they would have served it as chicken masala that would have made no difference.
Its one of the strong flavored dish with that tanginess of achar but God knows what hey served. I asked the waiter to check if they have mistaken the order. He then called the "Chef" who has no idea what he cooked! Was not able to answer if he knew how to cook the told dish.
Other items were below average and not worth the premium they charge.

##

2015-02-26 13:03:19
Sweta Maheshwari
835607
3.5
Good Indian food......Few Disappointments...

I went to bombay brasserie with my family the other day. We were a considerably large group so we got to try lots of dishes there. I would recommend trying the gunpowder potatoes and the shikhampuri kebabs for the starters. The main course was not as impressive as the starters though. Their selection of breads however was really good. Only one was disappointing. We had ordered the hare pyaaz ka kulcha which should have had spring onions according to the name. It was, however stuffed with regular onions and hardly any spring onions.

##

2015-02-25 13:25:55
Oindrila Mitra
1282561
3.0
It was a Sunday night and it was considerably full. Yet, we did not need to wait this time. We were not too hungry. Therefore, we ended up ordering Murgh Shorba, Garlic Naans and Lucknowi Murgh with a very light gravy. 

However little we ordered, the taste was great. Prices are moderately on the higher side, as is the trend nowadays. Would love to visit again for a full-fledged meal next time.

##

2015-02-23 22:55:10
Anusriya
2057432
4.5
Totaly and absolutely impressed..What ambience, what class , what place!! I was bowled over by their quality and taste of each and every dish I tried. I do not remember the exact names, but for starters I had stuffed panner kind of dish and trust me I have never ever tasted such delicious paneer in Kolkata!! The veg shiekh kabab had its own charm. The soft rotis,paranthas,... Special mention of the dal makhani... And ya dingri keema was mouth watering. Claps for the quick, patient and friendly service.. Yo BB I loved the way you are... !!

##

2015-02-23 18:58:25
Jayeeta Basu
360426
3.5
A place that got me back to Malvani food after a week, shifting from Bombay. Bombay Brasserie is a wonderful place. Bit steeper on the price range. We had Makhmali Murg Tikka, and one dish with Prawn tossed in peanuts and coconut masala (sorry I forgot the name). For main course we had roti platter with Malvani Chicken curry. Perfect for people who have spicy taste buds. The dinner was simple and good for taste. 
On weekends people should go earlier or  should prior reservations. If people like Malvani cuisine, should go for this place.

##

2015-02-21 22:08:42
Kriti
3094305
4.5
A great place to dine in.Been there a few weeks back with my family.The ambience is too good.Coming to the food,we ordered for gunpowder potatoes,tandoor ka badshah,churchur paratha,peas pulao and salli chicken.My favourite was salli chicken,it was well cooked and went perfectly with the peas pulao.For the desserts we had trio phirni which is a must try.Overall it was a nice experience.

##

2015-02-16 11:10:39
Abhishek INsomaniac Kanodia
323923
4.5
Went for dinner. 
The food was good. The starters and all were nice in taste and presentation 
The main course was also equally good.
Best part was the generous portioning
The quantity provided in each serving was very good 
For the price pinch it gives you, one will have a good time.

##

2015-02-15 14:32:27
Subhomay Banerjee
2902562
5.0
Went there for Lunch with my family. The greetings that we received actually made me feel the standard they chose. The

##

2015-02-11 14:20:32
Prithwi Lahiri
1590906
5.0
Awesome food... Awesome service.. awesome environment... Worth every penny.. been there a month ago on my girlfriend's birthday... We both loved it a lot.. will definitely visit in near future...

##

2015-02-10 23:25:59
Sandipan Basu
3034587
3.5
Good overall experience. Chicken galauti kabab was very good. However, the paper wali machchi was undercooked and didn't taste nice. Decor wise the place is good. Suggest that bhetki should be used for all the fish items given that the prices at which basa is being served seem to be more fitting for bhetki.

##

2015-02-07 18:57:09
Chandni Jain
1504810
4.0
I really loved this place.. The interiors as well.. The crockery they use.. Food was also good.. Tried biryaani and Lassi .. Both tasted gr8.. Good place for Fine Dining..

##

2015-02-01 13:01:54
Somnath Chakraborty
975283
4.0
The nawabi ghost biryani & galawti was extremely good...true lucknowi style & taste...the shahi thukra was great too...true nawabi experience in all

##

2015-01-29 22:54:28
Sanjukta
871453
5.0
I loved this place. The Galouti kebab was out of the world. Soft and brilliantly tasty. For the mains we ordered salli chicken and nawabi gosht biryani. The biryani was brought in a nice clay pot and was tasty with very succulent mutton. It did not have that typical strong biryani aroma. The chicken was nice and tangy. Loved it. Well the pocket pinch is on the higher side though.

##

2015-01-27 08:48:20
Priyanka Dutta
1407537
5.0
Superb North Indian food with a lovely ambiance. Meat lovers must try mutton Nalli ,its tender Mutton in cashew nut gravy, goes perfect with their wide range of parathas. Keema paratha, chilli cheese paratha are the must try once. Don't forget to try out the kababs too.

##

2015-01-24 16:50:37
Sankarshan
67997
3.5
Sort of stumbled into Bombay Brasserie because we were looking for a good place to sit down and eat. We were shown to a nice niche that was adequately lit up and away from the main desk. However, a large group of ladies at a nearby table were making a ruckus that continued through the meal. I wish the staff/manager was empowered to request them to tone it down. A group of 10+ on a long meal during a weekend is excellent clientele, but it also demands that the restaurant up its game so that other guests are not at a loss.

The menu is well organized but nothing phenomenal. We started off with Galuti Kebabs and Anglo Bangla Fish. The kebabs were well prepared and may well be recommended as a good thing to begin with. The Fish (cutlet) was underwhelming - a very run-of-the-mill cutlet that doesn't provide anything by way of aftertaste is really a dull dish to go.

The Lucknowi Murgh Qorma was paired with the Ulta Tawa Paratha. This was a good one - the gravy had a consistency that complimented the quality of the meat (tender, well-cooked and not the stringy/chewy variety one is often unfortunate to encounter). The dish has an even flavor that is soothing and makes it a good selection for an afternoon of leisure.

The Shahi Tukda was a big let-down. Was expecting this dish to be uniformly well made and it wasn't. I wouldn't recommend this as a dessert unless you are really hankering for it (we were!).

The staff are polite and perhaps they shouldn't whisper so much into the ear. The selection of beers is pathetic and the restaurant would do well to address that.

##

2015-01-21 21:20:48
Piko Biswas
410422
3.0
We visited Bombay Brasserie quite a while back. We had read a lot about it in the papers, so we were honestly expecting something phenomenal. While it wasn't quite that, it was passable. We ordered Makhmali Murg Tikka as starter, with Margaritas, then  Lucknowi Murg Qorma with Nawabi Gosht Biriyani and Chur Chur paratha for the mains. We also ordered a Tadkewaali Dahi. Now all food was cooked properly, not underdone but the quantity was poor, compared to the prices. The Biriyani was okay, not a lot of the usual appetizing flavour and smell wafting from it. The best was, ironically, the Dahi - wonderfully creamy thick curd, not too sour and with the fried spices and oil mixed beautifully throughout. Every spoonful was bliss. We ordered a Papad ki Tokri and the curd was amazing with bits of papad. We had Amritsari Kulfa for dessert, which wasn't too bad, but again, there was too little of it, and apart from the fancy serving style, with smoke rising from the bowl, I've had better kulfi on the streets. So overall, it wasn't a BAD experience, but rather a BLAND experience. Most of the food left a lot to be desired in terms of foodgasm causing flavour. The Margaritas were quite tasty, achieving a good blend of the lemony-sweet-salty flavour.  A single try is alright, if you are feeling exceptionally rich, yet not quite hungry.

##

2015-01-19 19:39:57
Anasuya Bindal
1208592
4.0
been there many times, although few dishes are simply marvelous, few that have ordered were plain and tasteless... the Marathi cuisine that they serve is very tasty and unique. about the service, good people around but takes a long time to serve the food, and the bill as well. Interior is very pretty.

##

2015-01-19 07:52:02
Namrata Halder
4984491
4.5
Regarded as one of the world's most iconic restaurants, The Bombay Brasserie is a place we HAD to try. And no better occassion (pun intended!) than my partner's Farewell Dinner. On reaching the venue, we had to wait around half an hour for a table for 2. It was a Sunday and ofcourse, the place was full. And after we were seated we had to again wait another 20 minutes for our food to be served. Worth the wait it was! The ambience was jolly. Most of the tables were occupied with Birthday Celebration groups. Happy chit-chats of the diners kept the room alive. The staff was courteous enough. Now coming to the food, we called for-
Kachche Aam Ka Sherbet: it was cool and refreshing. The jaljeera made it quite an appetizer. It came with a stirrer to avoid the aam syrup and other ingredients depositing at the bottom.
Tender Pina Colada Mocktail: the best pina colada mocktail i have had so far. With a hint of coconut, it was delicious.
Pindi Chicken Chanp: this was the starter. As the name suggests, it tasted very much Punjabi. A perfect blend of the spices and chicken. Must-must try!
Roomali Roti: it was so soft and boy, the packet in which it came was just so CUTE! Yes, i found it cute *wink*
Lucknowi Murg Qorma: well, the waiter did warn me about it being sweet and since i cannot have excessive spicy/hot food, i thought it would be just fine. My bad! It was bland *eyes rolling* nevertheless it went okay as a side with the roti and biriyani. The chicken was soft and overall, okay maybe?
Nawabi Gosht Biriyani: the mutton, oh the mutton! It melted in the mouth. Okay, exaggerating! But really it was so so SO soft. The rice was cooked well and it had a lot of masalas, typical of the Awadhi style. The biriyani tasted sweet unlike our Calcutta version. I liked+liked it.
We were too full to order any dessert. Though i eyed one waiter carrying a Kulfi and by the look of it, i HAVE TO try it out the next time *smirk*
Their regular water was stored with mint/tulsi (i am not too sure) shoot in it. So you can take the regular water without cringing about health. The price is on the steeper side. Our bill came to 2400rs. And last but not the least, i loved the tamarind chatpatis they served in the end. Must visit with friends, family or simply anybody. Cheerie!

##

2015-01-12 22:46:26
Keshav Agarwal
1082567
4.5
It was a great lunch and I was happy that I had chosen this place.

Ambience:
If you have been to The Quest Mall, I am sure you would certainly know that all the restaurants have a very sophisticated and appealing ambiance. The place has the right amount of light and the setting is so perfect that I felt so good after a long time. From tables to cutlery to hand towels and even the kitchen counter looked amazing showcasing our traditional cooking and masala grinding tools made out of stones and wood. The place is a go go!!

Order: (Veg only)
1. Panch Mirch Ka Paneer
2. Mughal Sarai Ke Bharey Aloo
3. Subz Shikhampuri Kebab
4. Blue Bloom
5. LIIT

Taste:
The best dish among the three was Panch Mirch ka Paneer. Paneer was so nicely prepared that I can't thank them enough for making my lunch so pleasing. Paneer was extremely soft, yet intact, not spreading while forking. The spice selection is good. Another good thing was that the dish was not over spicy.
Coming over to the Aloo; well it was quite filling as they gave a lot of stuffing and the dish did not overdo the aloo which was duly noted and appreciated as I don't like it when there is more of aloo and less of the filling. Rich taste and well cooked dish.
The last dish was the Shikampuri Kebab, which was another intriguing dish, as it tasted and smelled like Pav Bhaji. I was not disappointed with this, the patty was filled with cheese and mixed veggies so nicely mashed that I can feel the creamy feeling in my mouth while typing this.

My friend ordered a Blue Bloom, she said it was decent enough. I tried the LIIT, and I liked my drink, specially becuase they made it pretty strong. It kept my mood happy throughout.

Final words:
If you want to have only starters like I did to zone out from the main course. It is a yes please do try it. I am going for the main course soon!!

##

2015-01-11 22:31:11
Shiksha Sehgal
1577185
5.0
Amazing restaurant!! I had gone to this place with my family and simply loved the food!! Though we had to wait for d table but it was worth!!! Excellent food!! Quick service!!
A must visit!!

##

2015-01-06 17:15:28
Deb Prakash Mukherjee
249804
3.0
Food wise this place is really disappointing. The ambiance, seating arrengment, the service….all too good. But….
Celebrated my brother's birthday there yesterday. It was his invitation and choice. He was there before and was higly appreciating the food. May be I over expected. Maybe not.
Chicken badami shorba was okay. Chicken pieces were too less. Next was galouti kabab. Lal mirch infested minced meat .Not the real galouti taste. Management please visit crazy kababs near to your place. 
Main course was chur chur paratha, a chicken boneless dish and dum chicken biryani. The paratha was too oily. Moreover lal mirch was sprinkled on it. The chicken dish really bland and tasteless. We asked for a less  spicy dish not bland food. The biryani was good. But again lal mirch sprinkled.  Are the MDH people related to the owners?? Didn't order any sweet dish.
All in all a so so eatery not worth the price or re visits.

##

2014-12-28 23:34:52
Swati Choudhary
244093
2.0
So, we were a group of 5 adults and 2 kids who went to dine on a Sunday evening to BB. Being purely vegetarian, we ordered for a tomato soup, corn soup, gunpower aloo and vegetable seekh kebab for the starters (I know i haven't got the names right). You know how the pictures in the menu look so exciting and when you actually order,the food is like - WHAT THE HELL. Taste wise - There was nothing exciting about the food. Nothing like - wow this is something. No, the food was tasteless and the soup served was room temperature. The ambiance of the restaurant is such that in the first half of the restaurant you have a sitting area and a small bar and a window kitchen (where you can see them preparing the rotis and stuff) - so you will not feel that the kitchen is very far away, that by the time it reaches your table - its room temperature. So moving to the main course. We had paneer tikka masala, konkon curry, black dal, garlic naan, paneer lifafa, chur chur parathe and chilli cheese naan. And the food served was room temperature as well. One might get a feeling that going out on Sundays should be avoided, since Sundays = a lot a crowd and not that great service. But come on, a renowned place like BB, i was expecting better. So there was some mix up in the order and the guy forgot to get the chur chur parathe and he served the chilli cheese naan, without the chilli. So between 7 of us, we were with 2 rotis and waiting for the remaining, while the food which was already room temperature, was becoming cold (or whatever). Thats all they had to do - for me to write this review - and silently form an opinion that this place doesn't deserve a second chance. I really hope I'm not being biased, but to end of all of it, we had ordered for a Chocolate Kurkuri (dessert) - and even that failed to impress me. The bill came to around 7k which included 3 pegs of hard drinks - which i feel could have spent somewhere else - had we not wanted to experiment.

##

2014-12-26 15:25:14
Dibakar Basu
1544632
2.5
This place I have read from zomato and seeing the reviews I convinced myself to check out.. So me and my wife went on 25th of December to Quest Mall and went at the top floor to check this place. This restaurant is situated beside smoke house deli, the Irish house and yauatcha and serafina. Interior decor wise this seems simpler. We chose a seat and as we were on a mood of enjoying the evening, although we are not alcoholic, she went for one virgin mojitto and me masala marke based on vodka. They served baked papad with the drinks as complimentary but sooner we realized the menu card fir the food does not even have much options. For starters there were only two nonveg dish which completely disappointed me. After enquiring came to know that this menu is for festive special. I decided to continue the rest of the fooding somewhere else. And when I asked for the bill it came around 833 Rs just for the two drinks which is totally illogical. So I am not going to recommend this one unless you are extreme rich and extravaggant.

##

2014-12-24 15:34:15
Subham Agarwal
777244
3.0
I VISITED YESTERDAY AND ONCE WHEN IT OPENED THE SERVICE QUALITY AND FOOD TASTE HAS DROPPED ALOT

I WAS SERVED IN 60 MINS THAT TOO ON A WEEKDAY WITH THE RESTAURANT WORKING ON 25% CAPACITY

THE FOOD QUALITY HAS DROPPED PLEASE DONT CHOOSE THIS FOR YOUR NEXT DINNER

##

2014-12-24 12:23:04
Reshma Nilofer
1666770
4.5
Six of us went here a few days back (on a family occasion which fell on a weekday) and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We ordered for fish kebabs, paneer kebabs and gunpowder aloo for starters, all of which were yummy & vanished within seconds. Yet I would say that the menu for starters could have a slightly longer list specially for vegetarians. Portions for starters were good sized. We then went on to order badam malai kofta, konkan veg curry, dum biryani and pulao and Kerala fish curry. The portions were quite big and all these items were very very tasty. One thing though was that the fish curry had no smell of the seafood and the konkan veg curry had the same curry base with coconuts, red colour n stuff. We enjoyed every morsel of our food and hurriedly emptied our plates. Though our tummies pleaded no we still went on to order desserts. A kulfi, a paper chocolate pudding with vanilla icecream and a ras-e-aam plates camy by. Now I must say they should have mentioned the size of their dessert portions... Each dessert item could be good for 2 ppl if not 3!!! Sinful and yummy they were too too much to finish and we packed up whatever we could carry out! And beware the paper chocolate pudding was more like a gooey brownie than of pudding consistency!
So about ambience and service quality I'd give them a 5 on 5. Quickness of delivery a 4.5 and food both taste and presentation 4.2-4.5. There you go, a lovely place for fine dining on a weekday or a lil crowded for weekend...! The tables were placed pretty close for a fine dining place as listed in zomato, and I think on a Sunday the place would be too crowded for any quiet peaceful dinner and privacy would take a back seat!

##

2014-12-16 10:05:06
Ankita Gupta
2047378
3.0
Ambience- okay, not that great
Service- very slow..waiters do not recommend good stuff
Food- not anything that would make me go wow..
Rates- definitely not worth the quality of food
For vegetarians a complete no go place as very few vegetarian choices..mostly in paneer and corn..

##

2014-12-13 21:16:45
Steven Ho
889113
4.5
Been to this place for a late lunch, therefore as expected was pretty much unoccupied. According to my experience
Food-Super! Especially the galouti kabab. The small little paranthas under the kabab were perfect to sooth the flavor of the kabab.  Nice big pieces of fish for our starters, Mutton side dish was tender and the well spiced.
Drinks- No complains. Guava juice with the chilli and roadside masala perfectly contrasted each other. The virgin pina colada, watermelon blossom. also the peach mojiti. Good!
Ambience- nice, cozy & vibrant.
Service-Polite but not well informed.
Pocket Pinch- Ouch!

##

2014-12-13 17:41:40
Shreyans Saraogi
3231074
5.0
Food is good and presentation is excellent.  A nice place and one should visit.  The line is too long. They have different choices for youngsters and elders.

##

2014-12-06 12:37:25
Abhishek Jalan
2031636
1.0
I went to this restaurant a couple of days back for dinner. Having heard a lot about it, we want with a lot of expectations. Unfortunately, the food was not at all up to the mark. Apart from the veg biryani and paneer tikka everything was below average. We did leave the same feedback with the restaurant manager also. Hope they take it seriously.

##

2014-11-23 18:58:34
Madhurima Biswas
44017
4.0
Location: top floor of quest mall between a number of other famous food joints.
Decor is nice and sober with nice paintings and simple chandeliers. Overall it gives a posh feel.
We were there on a Sunday afternoon and almost all the tables were full.
Service: helpful staff who knows their food.
Food: badshahi chicken tandoori is awesome.. Mutton gravy dishes are too good. Quantity is also pretty impressive. Roti and rice are OK, nothing exceptional.
Price: slightly on higher side though I feel its worth the food and ambience of the place

##

2014-11-21 20:52:18
Biswajit Chatterjee
1364786
3.5
The best thing i liked about this place is its decor and lighting.It has the combination of an English pub and Indian classy eatery.
I went on a friday evening last week and it was moderately filled.Did not need any reservation.The range of choice in all dishes was good.We had chicken almond soup to start with.it was a new combination that i have not seen in other restaurants.It was ok ,bit salty than my liking.
Amongst the kababs i found the lucknowi paraath paneer   very tasty and unique.it was soft and stuffed with veg paste.
Main course was average with churchura paratha nice and flaky among the rotis.
they have only option with chicken biryani.it was good and not very spicy.
chicken dhaba was regular tomato based curry and was average.
amonst the desserts i would suggest to try phirni .it had 3 different flavours served in 3 different glasses.
overall experience was nice though compared to food quality and quantity its overpriced.I would think location in Kolkata's international mall has its 'price'

##

2014-11-21 12:11:40
Chinmay Jalan
11924431
3.5
Had heard a lot about its Kulfi which comes with all the hype of dense smoke coming out of it. But all my expectations dropped down when the kulfi was not so delicious as I thought it would be. Nevertheless, the food was delicious. If someone is a lover of authentic North Indian cuisine this place is a must visit. The spices and the flavours  just soothes  your palate!  Overall a nice experience. Would surely  like to visit again.

##

2014-11-17 02:22:44
ARbind Sureka
2540664
3.5
Been to the place for the first time with family. Highly heard about it. At the first look the ambience was pleasing to the eyes. A decent place to visit once in a while. The place had nothing different or new to offer away from the fancy cutleries. The food was ok. The lacha paratha and mushrooms were good and a worthy try. The ambience and the service is good. Hopefully next time I go can find something better or new.

##

2014-11-15 19:00:33
Debarati Sarkar
3144879
4.5
Here is another great destination for indian cuisine lovers like me.. sumptuous dishes, lovely aura.. one must have starter is paperwaali machchi.. we took martaban achari chicken n lasooni baigan with lasooni naan.. totally in love wid this place!!

##

2014-11-15 13:52:59
Tushar Goyal
1881622
4.0
Went to bombay brasserie with family, another great joint for indian cuisine .

The food menu was elaborate and also had a good selection of breads.
We ordered the roasted makai shorba and crackling tamatar soup which were different to taste but was good .
As for the starters, we ordered the mughal sarai ke bharey aloo which was ok , paneer ke tukde, stuffed mushrooms which is a must try, gunpowder potatoes was ok and subz shikampuri kebab was good too.

Starters quantity is good and was a good start to the evening . For the main course, we ordered dum ke kali dal which is very close to the itc peshawri dal and a must have, also ordered the subz pachmel and paneer sirka pyaz which was good .

All over, good food and experience and not very expensive compared to the hotel's restaurants. 
Per head cost is around Rs.800 - 1000. This is without alcohol.

Also try the fresh lime soda which they serve in a bottle shaped glass and avoid roomali roti  which was not well cooked, instead try the other breads in the menu.

##

2014-11-13 22:31:20
Atishaya Singh
790815
4.0
Soup soup soup ..... Perhaps one of the best tomato soups I has ever had.....its an excellent place for people interest in Indian cuisine.....

##

2014-11-12 12:01:09
Arka Moulik
273150
3.5
Overpriced and overhyped restaurant.  Food is pretty average and spicy. Kali dal is a total disappointment.  Quantity of food is also very "unimpressive."

##

2014-11-08 22:17:29
Sunny Jaiswal
6504941
4.0
Visited there with friends having lunch the taste of food is delicious and the way of serving and conducting is quite impressive love being out there

##

2014-11-06 19:41:26
Amit Bambi Hathiramani
1990162
3.0
Loved the ambience! Looks very classy and service was great too but food was a big let down ! Nothing extraordinary ! With such amazing branding the food needs a lot of improvement !

##

2014-11-04 11:25:00
Kartik Didwania
1280694
2.5
I would definitely say that the ambience,the music and the view of that open kitchen is a lovely combo..even the service was fast..but i was really dissatisfied and disappointed with the food..vast menu but what i ordered was tasteless..the moment i had one bite,my mind said i have had so much better than this..reasonable too...worth a try..just a try..

##

2014-10-29 09:21:22
Aditya Vikram Kapoor
1332062
3.5
Good food, prompt service a place where one can chill with friends. I would recommend  the Daal and chicken kabab here it's simply outstanding.

##

2014-10-29 00:02:32
Cynthia Faustina Bagh
1832796
3.5
being my friend's bday v happened to make a reservation a day prior. on asking if they could arrange a cake on their behalf the person on the line  said they would do it and confirmed our reservation. on the eve of my friends bday (20th august) i get a call from the restaurant saying my reservation stands confirmed but they cannot arrange a cake,  was bit disappointing...
great interiors  loved the decor subtle music
 and prompt service made up for our prior disappointments
food is good...especially the kebabs..

##

2014-10-25 16:16:54
Vinayak Sharma
6201011
4.0
Nice place at the premium quest mall...sometimes even full on weekdays lunch so its better to book beforehand...lets come to the food...the food here is really good...what makes a restaurant stand out is its unique taste and flavour...this has that uniqueness about it...both in flavour and feel of the place....all in all a great place to dine in.

##

2014-10-11 20:56:09
Arunima Bhattacharya
4475471
5.0
It's perhaps my favourite restaurant at Quest Mall......The food is neither too rich nor too bland....just the perfect mood-setter.....my picks?-----Murgh shorba and Keema pao.....YUMMMMM.....Feel like visiting again and again.

##

2014-10-11 11:12:05
Vishal Bagaria
50965
4.5
Finally, something worth the crazy money that is not in Park Street!

Delicious food, great choices, smart service - Kolkata's fine dining situation is definitely improving and optimistic with restaurants such as this penetrating into our lifestyles! The food is rich and tasty, and the slightly longer waiting (20 mins. when busy) can be forgiven. Try the paneer kaali mirch, the churchur paratha, the kaali daal and the gunpowder aloo for sure - you won't be disappointed. 
On the whole, one of the best restaurants here I've been to! Strongly recommended! Try not to go at peak times or you might get impatient having to wait for long...

##

2014-10-07 19:02:18
Anurag Ladha
2224926
4.0
Second visit here,The soup,the starters and mains ending with the 'Kulfa' Orange flavored kulfi makes it my one of my favorite North Indian Restaurants in Kolakata

##

2014-10-07 13:18:25
Aditya Chakraborty
8656201
4.5
One of the best Indian Cuisines in town. The food is great and so is the service and ambiance. A really nice place to go to with your family or partner. The ambiance makes the experience a little more memorable.

##

2014-10-07 03:07:24
Abira Das
4772621
4.0
This place was on my checklist for a long time and finally got to visit it with a few girlfriends.
We went for ala carte..and the quantity was more than sufficient for us.
The food is great...the decor and ambience is fantastic.
Only con would be the time taken to get the dish prepared might just kill your appetite.

##

2014-10-04 21:59:27
Sourja Paul
212619
4.0
The restaurant in the new Quest mall is really great from the ambience to the service and most importantly the food . I ordered Gawalati Kabab for starter , it was a preparation of minced  mutton kabab and it was really tasty . For main we ordered Jeera rice and a preparation of kashmiri chicken . But the stand out was the desert Ras-e-Aam , rasogolla dipped in rabri with aamras spread over the rasogolla .

##

2014-10-04 20:57:06
Sabyasachi Chatterjee
685149
4.5
Very very good food and great service.

##

2014-09-28 23:45:47
Bonbon Kayzee
1705097
3.0
Another one of those classy restaurants in the new "it" mall of Kolkata, Quest. The Bombay Brasserie had got a lot of great reviews from a few near and dear ones and I guess it was time to check it out.

The Good :
The ambiance is fantastic, every restaurant at Quest has a unique experience for its customers. This has a simple design and this brilliant green/blue color flowing through the entire restaurant which is easy on the eye and calms you down as well.

The music is not too loud and actually helps in keeping the mood soft while you eat.

The food is exceptional, I don't eat "indian" cuisine at restaurants (as I prefer my mom's cooking) but this place has got everything nailed down and the two dishes I tried here were out of this world.

The Bad:

We went on a Sunday evening and I did not expect us to get a table easily, I was told that the waiting was at least 30 minutes but we had to wait 45 minutes before we got to sit inside, although I could see a table is clear, not one of the waiters was cleaning it up so that someone could occupy it. Ultimately the maitre d' had to arrange the table up.

Another thing that irked me was the fact that another group of family had written their name on the register after we had done so and they got to enter the restaurant before us, even though we had the same number of people in the group, they just stood around the front and talked to a waiter and walked in, this wasn't the worst bit.

After we got to sit at the table, our order was taken very quickly and the plates were provided in a jiffy as well. The wait for the food to come was an eternity, it took roughly 35 minutes for our food to arrive and we only ordered 2 dishes and 3 rotis, pretty shoddy stuff this.

So the food is excellent but the service needs a lot of work. I probably would visit the restaurant again but I would be carrying a pack of biscuits in my pocket while I wait for the food to come.

##

2014-09-27 19:58:57
Ayush Banka
2029118
3.5
Located at Kolkata's latest foodie haven, The Quest Mall this place has the perfect ambience and atmosphere for the perfect weekend family outing. The décor used a lot of brass utensils and other implements as suggested by the name.
 
The place though is extremely noisy and the tables are too close too each other.
 
The starters were good, especially the Galauti Kabab, Paneer Tikka and Aloo Bharwan were great.
 
The Roomali Roti and Dal were good but not exceptional, the place however has the most amazing Chicken Biryani, which was quite different from the Biryani that Kolkatans are used to, would thoroughly recommend the Biryani here.

##

2014-09-20 22:16:39
Dipak Nayak
984228
4.5
The food was awsome and as well as finger licking. Ras-e-aam was the heart winner...

##

2014-09-15 09:17:32
Mayank Patodia
1524802
4.0
So we expected to get a table for two quite easily at Bombay brasserie but unfortunately even at 10pm we were out of luck. 

Finally we did get a table after about 1/2 hour but the expectations were raised higher. 

Expecting portions to be decently large we ordered some kebabs and daal along with a cheese kulcha and a onion kulcha. 

The paneer tikka and the Bharwaan aloo kebabs were great. The daal as well as the kulchas were great to eat with the kebabs. But the food was still too much for two. 

We ordered a paper baked chocolate pudding. This had a wonderful texture and taste and an impressive presentation. A pic of the semi-demolished pudding is attached. 

All in all a place I would definitely visit again but in a bigger group to be able to enjoy more of the food.

##

2014-09-14 20:37:32
Mahesh Agarwal
814746
1.5
A bad experience rather!!

##

2014-09-14 15:01:54
Chandni Sheth
4060261
4.0
This thing that attracted me to this place was ofcourse the beautiful way they serve mocktails and desserts. Its like one of the many place Where they serve good north indian food. A lil heavy on the pocket but once you taste the food you dont feel the pinch. The gunpowder Aloo k kebab were fantabulous. Also, the chur chur parantha was as interesting as Its name. Overall experience was good. Must try for food lovers.

##

2014-09-05 21:11:57
Siddhant Joshi
2116668
4.0
The dinner with my Family was worth at this place. It was mums birthday and basically we are into veggies, so we ordered proper noth indian food. The Paneer Dish was awesome, lohe ki kadaye ke aloo was good the taste seems homely and the kali dal was not bad.. in bread we ordered varieties and guess what chur chur parathe disappointed me very much. Over all food was tasty, the ambience was comfy but the service was too slow.

##

2014-08-31 00:50:30
Isha Arora
2262462
3.0
Would have liked to give more points to the restaurant if it was managed better. The manager is downright rude. The whole experience of eating out was ruined. Leave alone, customer service, no basic manners. They behave as if they are doing us a favor,by giving us a table 45 minutes past our reservation time!!!

##

2014-08-30 16:53:41
Saurav Goyal
573711
4.0
Bombay Brasserie is a lovely place to spend your evenings at. The place is bright, spacious and modern. The staff is responsive and courteous. I had ordered vegetarian food which was delicious.
We had ordered for tomato soup which was a bit too sweet. The mocktails were very refreshing, specially the cucumber mojito. For starters we had ordered 5 pepper paneer which was bland, corn seekh kebab which is a must try and mughal sarai aaloo which was very tasty. Main course was panner butter masala, pateelewale chole and yellow dal without tadka- all delicious. Aaloo amritsari kulcha is a must have. Biryani was authentic and spicy, the best in town I've had.

##

2014-08-29 19:40:47
Pritam Ghosh
477220
4.0
1st reiew:

went here few months back .nice ambience.globe shaped chandeliers is quite a new decor.ordered biriyani,prawn gassi,dum ki nallli,prawn pulao,ultatawa paratha and aloo kulcha.paratha looks like a papad although good in taste.prawn pulao is so so.most sumptuous dish comes in the form of biriyani(although quantity is much less) and prawn gassi.ordered amritsri kulfa and ras-e-aam for dessert which are too bad to taste.
P.S.   zomato needs to update the menu as the prices in the original one is much higher than the one published here.

2nd review:

went here few days back.ordered murg badami shorba,salli chicken,desi mutton masala,mutton biriyani,subz pulao,ulta tawa paratha.every dish is vey much sumptuous.every pieces of mutton and chicken is soft nd crisp and the gravy is equally delicious.

##

2014-08-24 23:40:18
Pooja Birla Lakhotia
2312670
1.0
The worst service I've seen so far. After ordering the food, it took them an hour to get us our meal...that too with our coaxing with them confirming with us what exactly did we order.
Nor was the food any good...eating the dum aloo was like eating food at home.
The reason for the waiting period outside the restaurant is the pathetic and slow service inside the restaurant. Complete and utter disappointment dining here.

##

2014-08-23 05:16:20
Harshit Agarwal
1264279
1.5
Bland Indian food. No taste.

##

2014-08-22 23:00:55
Tapabrata Roy
2725970
2.5
Not a nice experience too hot takes all the flavours , sweet dish was from a roadside shop, kebabs were not that authentic and portions too less overall not nice in that price

##

2014-08-19 23:31:07
Krishan Mohta
782101
4.0
Read mixed reviews on Zomato before going.  So did not have very high expectations.  But experience was pretty nice.  Ambience is casual and spacious but  not ostentatious.  Menu has a few new items like Dakshin Mushrooms and a soup with coconut water. Both are nice. Overall,  we were satisfied.

##

2014-08-18 23:25:42
Joy Guha
2372418
4.5
Excellent food and service even on a busy evening(15 th August).
Suggestion from the service staff is just perfect, everybody should try Chur Chur Paratha,Moorg Soola Kebab.
Great going guys, keep it up.

##

2014-08-18 14:32:28
Kaushik Chakraborty
1786327
3.0
Average to good food at a higher price. I went on a recommendation but failed to find any speciality. Why I mentioned average to good is...thr main course which was lamb biryani and butter nun with a chicken dish was "good" (not outstanding and you can get the same in any likewise restaurant) while the desert was very average (firni is what I tasted). What I felt was the serving style was better than the taste itself...the firni was served in 3 flavours and in tea glasses which was unique to look. The location is convenient in Quest which is easy yo access and parking car is not hassle.

##

2014-08-18 06:05:51
Nimish Kanoi
13749
4.0
Lovely place..wemt their for a family dinner. Although the place had indian food, everything had a different taste. We ordered for a masaledar mix veg and punjabi style aloo which was excellent.  The selection of breads is also very good.

##

2014-08-16 03:26:33
Devbrat Goenka
2757244
5.0
Excellent.......excellent.......it was the best lunch experience .....Jalabee and rabri made the day

##

2014-08-15 11:54:43
Zaid Jaffri
1742079
4.0
The alacarte is awesome...should visit this place...the service is good too...and I thing the food is the best...it has a very tasty ? desert(kaiserya kulfa)...

##

2014-08-13 17:11:27
Salim Zaffer
4247301
4.0
Great food but service needs to improve

##

2014-08-12 10:24:05
Nirmal Kumar Nahata
4169761
1.0
We went for Dinner 3 days back.Feel: very good,location : top class.Food : hopeless.Service ordinary.
It was a hopeless evening with food being the main destroyer.Shall never visit again.Food was very ordinary stuff and prices being very high.Would request everyone to inform all about such overrated places.

##

2014-08-07 15:42:14
Sherry Oh
953935
2.0
Ambience: great. Decor: inspired. Food: alright. Service: SUCKS SO BAD. I've never been to an eatery where they put your order on a serving stand 3 ft from your table, don't serve you, but also don't allow you to retrieve your food. Is this a new thing where I can look but not eat?

##

2014-08-05 17:24:52
Urvashi Chatterjee
1340070
4.0
Went here for lunch today. Had the Anglo fish fry...jeera peas polao...mixed veg and mutton (forgot the name). The ambience is awesome. The food, mouth watering. Overall a great restaurant.

##

2014-08-04 18:35:28
Anirban Dutta
1135791
4.5
Lovely ambience. Excellent food. Great service. Expensive but totally worth it. Try the parsi salli chicken, keema paratha and Zafran ka tukda.

##

2014-08-04 14:24:44
Rahul Khemka
919696
4.5
Located on the 5th floor of Quest Mall, Kolkata, Bombay Brasserie has very good fooding options for both Vegetarians and Non - vegetarians. The cuisine available is North Indian that also includes Biryani and Pulao.

I am a vegetarian so we ordered 2 vegetables and 1 dal and that was more than enough for 6 of us. One serving is enough for a family of around 5. Dal Makhani was wow, and so were the other dishes as well.

The food was delicious. The service was excellent too, despite the restaurant being full. The only problem was that it was not at all quiet. The floor is usually very crowded because of other restaurants and a pub next to it.

But this place looks perfect for people finding an option to Sarson and Veda. It costs around Rs. 500 per person, so that looks good. Must try for North Indian food lovers.

##

2014-08-03 15:02:46
Sneha Shroff
1540510
3.0
Nice place and decent food but staff needs to be well trained and they do make you wait for like 1hour before serving you food.

##

2014-07-30 15:54:42
Food Lover
887313
3.5
Nice ambiance, friendly stuff and good food. Went there with my siblings and my mother, had a wonderful experience. Thanks!!

##

2014-07-27 23:40:34
Sharmita Bhattacharya
726062
3.5
Finally i visited this place after quite a few failed attempts and it indeed was a good experience. It was my BF's birthday today, and after our movie-date, we zeroed on this place for his Birthday treat along-with 3 of our close friends. So, after the cake-cutting we quickly ordered for their signature kebabs, Andhra Murg being one of them. loved it! Spicy and full of flavours, it surely kept me wanting for more.
 For the main course ordered for Lasuni naan, Jeera Peas Pulao and Chur Chur Parantha with Dum ke Kaali Dal, Salli Chicken, Paneer Sirka Pyaaz and Lohe ki Kadhai ke Aloo. All were nice except the last one which was a disappointment. Fresh lime Sodas and Shikanjis were served in big jars with their label embossed on them. Quite cool that was and definitely a refreshing change! 
The best thing about the place was the beautifully lit up interiors. quite a delight to click pics in such a well-lit up place. ;) This place is CLASSY. A must visit i would say.

##

2014-07-27 11:00:28
Arpit Lohia
38329
4.5
Though I had to wait and wait for a table I finally decided to be there bang on at 7pm when it opens in my first. And then what a treat - just the kind of awesome Indian food. Impeccable service. The prices on the higher side though and you certainly expect it to be that way. 

Dal to the whole array of veggies and the paneer lifafa to the churchur paratha, all put together make a wonderful finger licking meal. Now that it's been a while since it opened and that my last was on a Saturday evening, i felt people got a table easily even at 8.30pm. It wasn't as full as I expected on a weekend. 

The decor is very contemporary and the feel of being here is very intriguing. The food and the ambience involves you completely into eating to your content.

##

2014-07-26 09:06:05
Om Saraf
1432967
4.0
Good place with excellent staters and Indian food..

##

2014-07-24 01:21:23
Shantanu Ghosh
3063897
3.0
It's in the top floor of Kolkata most expensive mall...so it's clear that you need a heavy pocket before checking into this restaurant... Now the entry... it's classy and make you feel that you are entering a classy one but the inner ambience is not up to the mark.. And the round chair is also looking out of place... Now reception and service is a bit poor.. I never expect this kinda service in such a high grade restaurant.. food is kind okay okay type and the quantity is really less, but the innovative technique of giving kulfi over dry ice is really a nice idea.. Kudos for that... so the final verdict it's not a restaurant of a finest dining or a super service or an amazing ambience... You can try it once for your personal experience... Otherwise it's a no-no deal...

##

2014-07-23 12:11:39
Pribee
2272826
1.5
Note: This review is based on take away only.
Went to this place on a Saturday for a lunch take away and ordered dal makhani, paneer lifafa and hare piyaz ka kulcha. Here is the thing even though there was not that much of a crowd, they messed up my order and instead of the paneer lifafa I got 1 really dry and hard tandoori roti. Now coming to the dal makhani it was honestly bland and boring, the kulcha was a little better but nothing to write home about. So, all in all a really bad experience. I personally will definitely think twice before going here again.

##

2014-07-22 22:51:39
Anurag Sureka
524644
2.5
Nice place with a comfortable ambience. The high ceilings with a well thought out interiors does occupy you for sometime. The service was a bit delayed. Food was okay. Indian breads in particular didn't seem fresh. Overall an average experience but could have been much better !!

##

2014-07-20 14:45:14
Aman Sonthalia
913636
3.5
The restaurant is new to the city,which is  part of a Mumbai based chain . Getting to the food it is good with some of it's dishes  excellent and some of it average. The Subz Shikampuri Kebab is very good for starters , with main-course i would suggest you to stick with basic order Dal Makhani , Paneer , Dum Aloo and any Mix Veg of your choice .Don't forget trying the Dum Biryani , it is good. For desserts try the Paper Baked Chocolate Pudding , it is good and is worth your patience. 
The ambiance is contemporary but  with a display of Kebab Grill , but i found the design somehow incompatible with food offered . But it is still good something new indeed!!
Does it worth your attention ?? Yes . You should try something new but make sure you get the booking  done prior to going coz of the Mall's rush. Still try!!

##

2014-07-13 11:54:55
Vishal Bansal
941082
3.5
The ambiance was something new for my eyes. I loved those globe shaped chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. 

Being a saturday, it was a full house. We headed straight for the main course. Ordered Parda Paneer Qorma, Pateeleyewale Chhole, Aloo Kulcha and Chur Chur Paratha. The paneer item was prepared in a yellow gray, light on spices with a subtle flowery fragrance. I simply loved the dish while N wasnt really impressed. The chhole dish was actually a combination of chick peas, potatoes, cooked in a dark, "tea" coloured gravy. The curry was tasty but slightly underspiced. I got the feeling that the curry was more chaat flavoured. The aloo kulcha was perfect and so was the "chur chur" paratha.

Somehow the food had the home cooked or the authentic "ghar ka bana khana" feel and taste to it. 

On a personal front it was a divided house as my better half wasn't really happy with either the food or the ambiance. I am likely to visit again.

##

2014-07-10 14:39:19
Parth Rastogii
929590
3.0
A new den for the North Indian food lovers. Sits beside the Irish House at the newest mall in town - Quest Mall. The receptionists are very polite to start of with. There are enough guys inside to take care of you - that rings a bell with their warm hospitality. A section of live kitchen is also visible - which will be delight for the ladies in particular. And the decor is pretty impressive too. Now let's start with the food. The starters are really good. Especially the stuffed mushrooms & Mughal sarai k bharey aloo. Now coming to the main course. Dum ke kali dal requires special mention. A perfect accompaniment to your meal. Surprise package is the chilli cheese kulcha. Along with these two more sabjis were ordered but both were on the sweet side which was a letdown in terms on the quality of others. Talisker 10 single malt is rugged and beautiful west coast of Scotland not as extremely as an Islay, a briny salt and pepper like powerhouse that never fails to deliver after a maritime malt character. Yes, one of the best single malts in town (but not for everyone). Highly recommended for Talisker 10 in particular.

##

2014-07-09 19:03:31
Rohit Ojha
384053
3.5
Being in one of best location of the city it enjoys the footfall. The plus point is its ambiance which is simple and classic and i would say people are loving the cafe cum restaurant interior.
Coming to the food part which was slightly on a lower scale as per price "cause it can improve a lot on vegetarian dishes.
Service was also fair enough but people were well mannered. Need to give more time to judge as its a new place which i think they are doing well.

##

2014-07-09 13:33:12
Madhurima Roy
821361
2.5
This place offers food which is not worth it costs!!! Service z bad....if u wish to spend such handful for delicacies this place z nt d right place..the only good part z it being a part of quest mall, the decor and the desert which is being served over dry ice! Overall an average restaurant.

##

2014-07-08 23:31:13
Sourav Sarkar
840230
4.5
Reached at this level of the Quest mall just while surfing and then tried this place. As I am more fond of the Indian cuisine, so went in to try this place.
The ambience is really cool and sophisticated at the same time. It has an essence of the 50s in the interiors.a major portion of a wall has the view of a glass kitchen where the breads and tandoor items are prepared.
The staff is really helpful and polite.
They acquaint you well with the menu and help you with the same.
The place has a very informative menu with really eye catching names.
The food is really good. Authentic taste and eye soothing presentation is what you get here.
The food is value for money and the portions are sufficient and appropriate.

The desserts are served with dry ice decoration. It is very cool to see flowing vapour out of the vessels over your table.

The restaurant is perfect for a lunch or dinner any day of the week.

It is a place you can drop in anytime with anyone.

P.S.- the pictures in the menu card work as the best appetizers

##

2014-07-08 23:16:33
Shashwat Kanoria
94678
2.0
Very bad service !! Went there for dinner . ordered my main course and it took them 30mins to bring it.
Talking about food the the chicken was OK but d paneer starter d tawa wala paneer was bland. Tasteless.
Kali daal was passable but kofta was OK n mix veg was good .
Average rotis  n dessert was worse. 
Do not go that's what I recommend.
Wastage of money.

##

2014-07-08 17:28:52
Zubin Rashid
2811248
3.0
With high expectations I reached this place, and then the expectations came crashing down. I think these restaurants thrive on hype and status symbols. Won't work for food lovers. First I tried the Murg Soola Kebab. This tasted okay, nothing much to talk about. Then came the Subz Pachmel - a mixed vegetable dish. Again average and tasted more like veggies cooked in tomato puree. The taste of packaged tomato puree was quite evident. The Tandoor Roti and Ulta Tawa Paratha were almost paper thin and overpriced, according to me. The Fresh Lime Soda was very sour. Amongst the Dessert, they suggested Amritsari Kulfa which wasn't much to talk about. I liked the Ras e Aam which consisted of 2 Rasgullas on Rabri and topped with Mango sauce. Overall lunch for 2 cost me about Rs. 1900 and it didn't seem an experience which could be called worth the dime. Worth a visit but not value for money.

##

2014-07-07 02:39:35
Raashi Agarwal
1984294
4.5
It's a delightful place to go ! With the most delicious Indian

##

2014-06-29 20:03:57
Chandreyi Das Sharma
347483
4.0
Absolutely delicious food! Do try their prawn pulao which is lipsmacking. Also their aam rasgullas. They serve it in a smoky dish which was fun. Their staff is so courteous, sweet, hospitable and attentive. Is a must visit in Kolkata!

##

2014-06-29 00:44:39
Pooja Rungta
870344
4.5
Lovely food .. The decor is nice !! Had nice North Indian food after a long time .

##

2014-06-27 21:45:03
Akshay Ahuja
437861
3.0
Just checked in 
Surprised to know no beer is available as they have just gone out of stock
Don't see too many drinkers around 
Still recovering from the shock

##

2014-06-25 17:52:08
Dhaani Lonka
2970090
2.5
I like to be precise, so:
Ambiance: upmarket yet not cosy. Perhaps will be better if the place is full, good for a business lunch. The little flourishes, water in a carafe with mint, lassi in a huge milk bottle are nice.
Service: Very eager to please and warm, excellent.
FOOD: Now I judge a restaurant, solely on the quality of food. I was looking for North Indian style, zaikedaar food. This was a disappointment. Large servings though. But the Seekh kebab was big and bland. The signature raan dish had 3 lamb shanks, large again, but the meat was dry, the gravy completely bland. As if they had been cooked separately. Lamb shanks are expected to be juicy, this felt like and  aged animal and old, not freshly butchered or cooked meat. Naan was tasty, but thin enough to be almost papad like, one per serving and not enough. Usually one naan is enough for a small appetite. The Cucumber based mocktails were good. Would not recommend.

##

2014-06-25 12:20:55
Uttorio Datta
390841
5.0
My first ever review. The "foodie" inside compelled me to write a review. I have been to London 1 year ago and i was reminded of that trip when i entered the restaurant. The ambience is superb,perfectly lit,so classy and we were given such a nice and warm welcome. Though the head chef happens to be the brother of my best friend,i wont be biased. I probably had one of the best meals of my life in there. Yes i had the privilege of having the "Chef Special"s (which are there on the menu) but trust me when i say that starting from the welcome drink(pedewalli lassi) to the desserts in the form of jalebi served with chilled rabdi and aam-e-ras,which was a surprise, everything was absolutely delightful. The biriyani was undoubtedly the best one i ever had. Its called dum gosht biriyani which paired up perfectly with chicken butter masala. I am sure we all had this combo elsewhere quite a few times but i would strongly recommend you all to have it atleast once over there and then you will realize what i am talking about. The kebabs which were served as the appetizer were brilliant.
Cons: Its pretty expensive but totally worth every penny.
On the whole this "foodie" strongly recommends "Bombay Brasserie" to all the foodies out here.

##

2014-06-25 00:16:23
Nikhil Saraf
1887242
4.0
A good place for Indian food. Surprisingly there was waiting even on a weekday, which is something rare in Kolkata. 
The ambiance and decor was more like a cafe than a fine dining restaurant but the food and drinks were fresh and well prepared. Adding to it, the pricing was spot on for the place and the presentation perfect. The staff was attentive with fast service. 
All in all, a good experience. Definitely worth a try.

##

2014-06-21 22:12:50
Samit Roychoudhury
349869
3.0
Having heard of this place (including a recommendation from a friend), I convinced my better half to try out this place (the treat was on her) this evening, after a short shopping stint at the mall. Situated on the 5th floor of Quest, this is adjacent to The Smoke House Deli. The surroundings are not so nice as there is still construction work on. There is place to sit outside, something that did not particularly appeal to me. Inside there are two rooms. The inner one I didn't care for either so we found a table in the middle one.

They took our orders soon enough, but service was slow. For our daughter we got a Cheese Chilli Kulcha without the chilli. It was reasonable, not great. We ordered a Makhmali Murg Tikka as a starter. At 380, it is kinda steep, but the portions were fairly decent. It was nothing special though, very much like a reshmi kabab, but with a little more spice. I would have liked there to be some tandoori masala salad with it. I always like that. Instead it was just mostly onion, with one slice of lemon.

Main course was Chicken Tikka Butter Masala. We played it safe because of our daughter. The tikka was more like leg pieces in a very rich (I can make out how rich post meal) gravy. Once again nothing terribly special. I have had better, but then again it could have been worse. But Rs 430 is on the steeper side. I had two Tandoori Rotis, which were quite small for the price. They were both served together, which resulted in the second one being cold when consumed. Careless service. My wife tried the Amritsari Aloo Kulcha.

Overall, we were not impressed. The service left a lot to be desired.  This group (including Chilli always has people looking busy, but patrons looking for service). I had to ask for water. They never refilled on their own.

Overall, I wouldn't feel excited about revisiting. I can find far better food at half the price, with better service thrown in.

##

2014-06-21 01:02:01
Abhijit Anand
1040395
4.0
Classy, a perfect place for family luncheon. It truly reminds of Bandra restaurants. Fantastic food. Badami benarasi kofta is must try.

##

2014-06-19 23:01:14
Madhav Mall
1020758
3.0
The experience of this place is truly one of a kind - though not in a positive sense. Agreed the food was above average, and decor exquisite, but a point to complain would be the utilization of space, or rather, 'over-utilization', for lack of a better word. The space was cramped, and moving from one place to another was a Herculean task.

Another dismay of eating at this place is their service, which is not expected from the franchise of a restaurant of such a high standard, having made a reputable place for itself in Britain. Their seemed to be a peculiar desperation in the waiting, with curt service - not allowing time to relax, unwind and enjoy the meal. Another factor that has led me to rant against them is the manner in which we were served. The waiter's bare hands brought the food to our table. Well this is acceptable in the case of roti, but not with dal, especially when it is held from above, rather than the side.

Coming to the most important aspect of any restaurant, the food. We ordered a 'Mughalserai' Aloo and a Galauti Kebab, of which the aloo was good, and kebab even more so, the only downside being the hard, roti like base, which was not so palatable, especially when cold.

Moving on to an all-veg main course, we ordered a Dal Makhni and Benarsi Kofta, accompanied with Rumali Roti, Tandoori Roti and onion Kulcha. The dal was average, not being mixed well as well as being a tad too thick.  The Kofta, on the other hand, was one of the finest I have ever eaten, with its hints of cardamom and raisins. The rumali and tandoori rotis let my expectations down, being cold and hard. The Kulcha though, was of a perfect degree of warmth, with an even layer of tangy onions.

The food, I believe, was meant to cater to a more Western crowd, being mild in spice and thick in gravy. The food did not quite match up to the standards expected, but then again, it could possibly be that the dishes that we had ordered were not in a so called 'recommended' menu.

All in all, I believe that this restaurant has a long way to go, especially to adopt to the palate of the spice loving Indian, and improve in the service

##

2014-06-19 01:06:23
Kasturi Chowdhury
2884702
3.0
My exams had just ended which was reason enough to celebrate with some good food and adda.Now we wanted to try some new place for North Indian dishes and having heard a lot about Bombay Brasserie we headed over to Quest Mall for dinner.On entering,the place seemed perfect for fine dining with its decor and the beautiful chandelier casting a golden glow everywhere.The the staff were pleasant and courteous.So it was a good beginning..

We ordered Bombay Chicken Biriyani,Salli chicken,Butter Naan and Sweet Lime soda to wash it all down.All the dishes were average!! The quantity of the biriyani was just okay  and nothing to swoon over.The flavors i found were somehow missing but the chicken pieces in the rice were generous enough.Moreover there were only 3 kinds of biriyani to chose from,so not much option there.The Salli Chicken was a typical north Indian chicken in tangy masaledar gravy which you will find in other normal north Indian restaurants.As I said,just Average!!The sweet lime soda came in a cool container and one of my friends joked how she should have ordered it because of its generous quantity instead of a soft drink.However she changed her mind soon enough because it was really sour and when we asked them to sweeten it they said they would get us a bowl of sugar cubes which somehow never made its way to our table!!
The bill for the three of us came around Rs.2500 and they served us Imli(Tamarind) candies along with the saunf.

My Verdict - It didn't feel right to shell out so much for such average food.You can find the same food at much reasonable prices at Mirch Masala,Gariahat perfect for casual dining and I assure you the Dum Biriyani tastes even better.Then,there is always SIgree near EM Bypass if you are looking for Fine Dining and some exquisite North Indian Dishes.So choose wisely and Bon Appetit :)

##

2014-06-15 00:00:16
Shweta Agarwal
1692776
4.0
I rushed into this place after a late night movie at quest..th menu was elaborate..food was nice and mild..I m a veg so v ordered our staple paneer and black dal Wich were both tasty..overall a place I wudnt mind visiting again

##

2014-06-13 22:27:45
Vatsal Kajaria
1727648
4.0
Must try the mango dessert!

##

2014-06-12 19:14:33
Akash Ghosh
422989
5.0
If there is an Indian food heaven in Calcutta, the it is called Bombay Brasserie. Love the ambience, decor and food is worth worshipping.

##

2014-06-12 15:23:00
Dr.Adwaita Nag
221626
3.0
Ever since this resto opened,iv been plannin to visit and finally made it thre last tuesday with a lot of expectatns..
Ambience- classy old world decor...i luv the glass front "bread making arena"...
Apetizr - the mocktails were served in jars (welcome change)...but tastewise were quite ordinary as were the starters- makhmali murg and paperwali machhi...it was a daunting task to separate the paper from the fish..
Mains- 1 of the v few fine dining restos to serve rumali roti !! I absolutely loovd the paneer sirka pyaz..heavenly...kali dal was also gud...we'd ordrd a chkn lucknowi korma wich was a bit too sweet..but nvrtheless was ok..till we found a hair in it...frankly it was appalling!! And sank my expectations...after that the meal was a downhill affair...the manager was kind enuf to compensate with saag chicken..i also think they r being miserly with the size of the chicken pieces in the non veg dishes...
Desserts- were the saving grace..top notch innovative presentation....aam ki ras and amritsari kulfi....worth evry penny...
P.S.I wud like to think that the hygiene issue was a one time affair...and in that case, u can try visitin the resto...if not nethng, only for the paneer and desserts..

##

2014-06-10 13:37:38
Ajaykhaitan1978
2062378
2.5
I had visited this place on 8th June to enjoy some good food. But I was disappointed to have the quality of food they served.
I am not going to visit this place again.

##

2014-06-09 18:00:48
Eshani Das
2582120
4.0
For all exclusive lunches or fine dinning or classy dates, this is the place to be. If Indian exotic food is your kinda food, then there are only a few better places than Bombay Brassiere. The prawn pulao is an absolute delight and all the mutton dishes are simply fantastic. However be prepared for the massive pocket pinch in exchange for a fine dining experience.

##

2014-06-08 22:24:24
Chandra Prakassh Kabra
51618
5.0
Man what a food, fantastic restaurant amazing service. After a long time a very good Indian food.

##

2014-06-06 16:43:13
Devansh Khaitan
2535040
4.0
Very good food, decent quantity. This is a fine diner, go there only to spend big bucks. Food and atmosphere is amazing, staff could be a little better.

##

2014-06-06 00:43:19
Sneh.singhania
1869968
3.5
A formal place..luv d decor..teapots n stuff..
Semi open kitchen luks nyc..
A Go place..wn hungry fr north indian specially..
Ordered-
Gunpowder potatoes..unique n perfctly hot n crisp..d onions wer an added spice..
Various kulchas..my fav bein d pyaaz n cheese ones..
Paneer Sirka Pyaaz was an awsome sabji..
Kaali dal was delicious..
N d biryani was alright..nothing vry xtraordinary abt it xcpt d way it was servd..
Was overfull for dessert..i did wana try d mango one..oh yaaa n i luvd d dey servd at d end..dey jus reminded childhood tyms..was perfct..oh yaa..pocket pinchy..

##

2014-06-05 03:43:47
Deepam Das
1377813
3.5
Good food prawn biryani and chicken starters were worth ordering for

##

2014-06-03 18:43:10
Rishav Dey
193398
3.0
I had to choose between Bombay Brasserie and Oudh 1590 last evening and I went with the former only because I had not tried it yet. Five of us got ourselves a table at Bombay Brasserie at around 20:45. Although it was a bit crowded we did not have much trouble getting seated. I noted that those who were coming in post 21:15 were having to wait for a short period before they could get seated. And I was secretly glad that the shopping stint was a short one.
After a brief passage of time someone came and took our order. The wait was in my opinion due to a shortage of staff. There were a handful no. of four or five staff members and they seemed to be struggling to cater to each and every table. We ordered for a Galawti Kebab, a Prawn Koliwada and a Pindi Chicken Champ each. We also wanted to order the mutton sigdi se and the boti kebab but we were told that none of the two would be available. Therefore we went for a sheekh kebab. The Koliwada was nice. It had a crispy and slightly crunchy texture on the outside and the shrimps (not prawns) inside were well cooked and tender. And it was a subtly spicy which went down well with us. The Galawti Kebab was extremely good and was served in mini parathas which was a nice touch. The texture was exactly how the texture of a Galawti kebab should be and the spices mixes seemed to be optimum as well. However, since I had to pick between Oudh 1590 and this place I have to say the Galawti at Oudh is way better and mind you, as I have written above this was extremely good. The Pindi Chicken Champ was ordinary and nothing great. The Nizami Sheekh kebabs were a bit disappointing as I was neither happy with the taste nor the texture. The texture was a bit too grainy for my liking and the content of red chilli powder was more than necessary. I sincerely hope that was a one off.
For the main course we went for the Dungar Maas, Nawabi Gosht Biriyani and Pudina Lacha Paratha which at the onset I would like to make very clear was ridiculous. The Dungar Maas was good. I liked the flavours and the taste. The mutton was of pretty good quality and the meat was lean. Most importantly the meat was really tender and separating it from the bones was no big deal at all. The biriyani again was a disappointment. It was more like biryanis served in restaurants in Bombay. It is extremely unusual for a Kolkatan to like Bombay style biryani. Somehow I felt the spice mix was off.  If they had added rose water and saffron as they claimed on they must have added way too little for one to enjoy those flavours. I skipped dessert but took a bite each of the Ras e Aam and the Shahi Zafrani Tukda. The Shahi Tukda was good. Genuinely good. The Ras e Aam was again very bad. The rosogollas were to dry inside and I don't appreciate that texture in a rosoglla. Also the Aam flavour in my opinion was a bit artificial.
The decor was indeed very appealing and the service was bordering on average. Since the food was also nothing great I will have to rate Bombay Brasserie a 3 out of 5.

##

2014-06-03 14:25:24
Nshuk
2129504
4.0
Doesn't feel like you're in a mall once you're in. Ambience is pleasant, the ceiling is high and it's a an airy seating arrangement. The chairs are pretty good too. 

The food is very delicious and while I did miss a Berry Pulao on their menu sorely, the other Bombay preparations were delicious. I had two complaints. Some of the food was overcooked (enough to make the paneer in the mix veg indiscernible from the potato or peas in it) and some was undercooked (the chicken but only ever so slightly). The parathis are delicious and so was the curry the sides came in. 

Don't skip fascinating desserts(and presentation thereof). Extremely good beverages.

Overall Really great presentation. Would recommend as a nice place for a dinner date or a casual family dinner outing. It's not the first place on my list for either but it fits the bill once you're through the doors. A bit noisy at times but mostly because depends on where you're seated and who you're surrounded by. 

Servers were friendly, helpful, prompt, proactive and will make you recognise the difference between good and bad service in India. On principle I feel it's redundant to talk about pricing because dinners aren't really about how much you spend on them, it's about what you were there for and who you were and what you got that justifies a number.

##

2014-06-01 21:18:31
Priyank Almal
296034
3.5
gud ambience. . 
D paneer starter was awesome. ..
Main course was gud...
Overall a worth trying..

##

2014-06-01 18:32:55
Arnabg
1496506
4.0
a new experience... The ambiance and the decor both are really good. Specially the decor. The roof, wall, the furnitures.. Everything is so classy. The food was awesome. Tried lasuni nan.. Dum ka nali and achari chicken. Dum ka nali was avg.. But achari chicken was mindblowing along with the nan. Staffs are well behaved. But the service is quite late.. You need to wait at list 20-25 mints after placing the order.. Other than this, everything is flawless and highly recommended.

##

2014-05-28 22:55:52
Suresh Gopalaswamy
1196228
4.0
There is some confusion in the décor and ambience. The clearly upmarket outlet ( upwards of 800/- a head ) gives a warm welcome  feeling nice as you walk in. An eye-catching display wall, a sparkling tandoor kitchen that you see through the glass partition etc.  The service efficient and polite seat you in comfortably and they have the sense to give you time to dwell on the extensive menu. Impressively someone appears magically immediately after you decide…
The menu itself has a lot to choose from and we were told that the food will be ready in 15 min (and indeed despite a crowd 15 min is what it took
The confusion begins in these fifteen minutes…
You notice the marble top of the tables – takes you back to Irani Hotels- a fair distance from upmarket. Then the Green in the décor and the  fabric and green of the napkins etc suddenly look decidedly not up market. Just when you are telling yourself that these actually add to the overall ambience – or do it? – there is an unholy racket from the mixie in the mocktail bar. The jarring noise is there to stay coming up unexpectedly at unwelcome times
As the Andhra chicken arrives on dot in 15 minutes the confusion fades away. This is seriously good stuff.  Then the paperwali machli. The food blows you away. Kolkata has not tasted anything like this before. A masterly flourish is present across the starters and main dishes. Don’t miss the Bombay Keema Masala served with pav.
The pav alas is the ONLY bread that matches the quality of the main dishes and the starters.
What is confusing is that how can a kitchen team that can turn in such heavenly food produce absolutely trashy Indian breads – the pav of course excluded. Run away from the Khameeri Roti, the Chur Chur Paratha can kill a medium sized pet instantly. The rest of the Indian breads were passable, the Ulta Tawa Paratha was ok but mini sized and the Chilli cheese Kulcha was passable. 
But these are minor niggles that the Chefs can sort out. One gets the feeling that there has been some carelessness here. And I do hope that they sort this confusion. Because the food other that this is several notches better than anything else you would taste in Kolkata
The desserts are ok but plated and served interestingly
The Bombay Brasseries is worth going back again and again until you go through the menu. 
Also by the third visit you would have figured out how to navigate through the treacherous bread basket
The rating of 4 despite the Khamiri Roti tell you how good the stuff from the main menu is....

##

2014-05-27 22:25:14
Siddharth Bhimani
848226
5.0
New food Joint.....Excellent food.....Shall give a try...

##

2014-05-26 11:50:20
Manjari Killaa
1532547
4.5
The food is really good, especially the vegetarian food is amazing. The kebabs and Kali dal is great and the rates are good too. If you like North Indian food and Biryani and stuff you'll really enjoy eating there!

##

2014-05-25 18:06:03
Rishi Jaiswal
2585852
1.0
Very bad and unhygienic food there was hair in food and moreover restaurant manager was very rude

##

2014-05-23 20:33:12
Mallika Fatehpuria
2087794
3.5
The ambience of the place is great but if you're looking for some privacy then this place is not for you because it has this huge glass wall and very bright lights. The colour and the designs for the interiors really complement each other. 
The menu has a lot of varieties to choose from and overall the food taste was really good except for the cottage cheese which turned out to be a huge disappointment. 
The dessert was very appealing visually  but not satisfactory to the palate. 
Overall it was a good experience.

##

2014-05-22 13:52:30
Kunal Fatehpuria
1048764
4.5
The ambience was great and the food was also commendable . The only negative point is cottage cheese

##

2014-05-21 16:54:19
Sagnik Datta
2510774
4.5
The food is just awesome, specially the reshmi kebab and biriyani and try the deserts also. Fabulous

##

2014-05-18 23:26:58
Nupur Bharech
2509988
4.0
Beiing a top restaurant it was shocking to see the newly opened bombay brassiere in calcutta with poor furniture . I had gone for dinner and the table which we were shown to was tilting ...

##

2014-05-15 00:04:11
Amita Roy
308916
4.0
Yesterday I went to this restaurant by accident with a friend and it turned out to be a nice surprise package. In starter we had, Paperwali Machchhi and Chicken Soola Kabab. Both were fantastic and the Soola kabab tasted just as I had it in Jaipur. In the main course we had, Chicken Kashmiri and Choor choora Paratha which were fantastic. The gravy of Kashmiri were light and non spicy but was absolutely flavorful very subtly. We didn't had any dessert but will try next time. Overall, food is very good and price is not a pinch on the pocket at all. But the service should be more polished and prompt in accordance with the reputation of the chain. Definitely visiting again.

##

2014-05-14 20:31:06
Dipesh Mehta
1083299
3.0
Good ambience. .. food ws average. .nthng very special  abt it.. service vry gud.. ordered veg food.. food could hav been bttr.. nice experience. .

##

2014-05-14 16:12:57
Jashoswi Baidya
106235
3.5
My tryst with bombay brassierie was quite okay. Considering the price they charge I would say it was not upto the mark. The service was quite sluggish and you have to wait for a long time to get your food. Being a primiere restaurant the food was alright. Don't try the prawn kolihari in starters. It is just fried prawns but not delectably cooked. From the main course you can try the malvani chicken as well as the biriyani. Both have a fresh aroma of spices which only increases your appetite.  You can also try the chilli cheese paratha which has an inherent flavour of the chilli cheese toast popular in roadside joints. The seating arrangements are quite comfortable. Verdict: there are so many  restaurants which serve good indian food at competitive prices. This one has not lived up to the expectations considering the cost.

##

2014-05-13 09:26:36
Goutam Dutta
877852
4.0
If candlelight dinners or dim light and cozy rendezvous are your cup of tea then you probably wouldn't like Bombay Brasserie! This place is all about brightly lit interiors and a large glass fronted door-again possibly, to let in maximum light and let people outside know how much of enjoyment is waiting for them behind the glass doors!
The upholstery is done in deep blue, almost bordering on aqua-marine, with white round tables making up the front area of the restaurant. For larger groups, there's separate seating inside.
The food is a mix of cuisines from different parts of India-as if an attempt has been made to assemble the whole country under one roof. This is probably with a view to attract the western travellers and guests and not surprisingly, the flavour too is slightly westernised. The use of spices are minimalised though that doesn't in any way compromise on the taste a day quality. I quite liked what we ordered and silently agreed that I should definitely visit it many more times in future!
They still haven't got the liquor license but once they have, a peg of Bombay sapphire gin-tonic would add to the enjoyment quotient.

##

2014-05-12 19:24:13
Madhusudan Goenka
2281552
3.0
More attention is required on service

##

2014-05-11 14:26:11
Tanistha Rajgarhia
789979
1.0
Very pathetic service. Can't manage a big  group of people (20-25) though they have table for the same. Would suggest people to not have gatherings here.

##

2014-05-09 18:55:08
Sagnik Datta
994041
5.0
Good ambience with great quality of food....try the biriyani and reshmi kabab...the desert was also fantastic

##

2014-05-09 18:20:55
Dwarkesh Thanky
1898540
1.0
Too over hyped . Food below standard. Not at all satisfactory. Service is fine but the quality of food needs to improve .

##

2014-05-08 12:54:18
Sreenanda Das Sharma
407707
4.0
Loved the food here! 

Prawn pulao, dum biryani and the desserts were to die for ! Ras-e-aam is one of my favorite desserts now ..  trio of phirni too is lipsmacking good! 

Achari Chicken was average. The service was great and the ambience was pleasant. Food presentation was super. 

Will definitely make many more visits.

##

2014-05-02 23:42:50
Ann Leroux
2297590
4.0
I went to this restaurant twice. Both times with Friends from France. We are very much used to dining out and evaluating meals and services. I must say that the Bombay Brasserie came as a really good surprise, since most of our "Mall" dining experiences were disappointing. First of all the service is top notch. The waiters are smiling and attentive; ours introduced himself by name and offered his services in any way we need. We asked his advice about certain dishes and he was kind and helpful. All of the dishes we ordered were fresh, hot and delicious - a true culinary experience.! The paneer dish was creamy and rich and so tasty in it's cashew and almond sauce. The parathas were crispy and flavourful. All in all a wonderful dining experience. I definitely recommend this place. The only critique I can make is that it would be a plus if they had wine and beer available. Also, I would like to suggest that they follow the European way and only remove the plates when all members of the group have finished eating. :-)

##

2014-05-01 10:45:18
Anirudh Poddar
433211
2.5
i would rate it 2.5 for the decor, the style and the ambience.
Food is not upto the mark some of them stuff lacks spices.
ther service is slow.
it was way beyond expectation.

##

2014-04-30 04:37:10
Rahul Sengupta
2263138
5.0
Awesome place

##

2014-04-27 14:10:16
Surendra Pagaria
415389
3.5
Visited the place for dinner a couple of weeks back, the food was above average and the pricing pretty decent. The service guys were pretty courteous and maintained a high standard of service. In all a decent experience.

##

2014-04-22 11:54:04
Tanvi Todi
1643840
3.0
The decor, menu and food, all look beautiful but all the food served doesn't taste as good. 

Went there for a quick lunch with a friend. 

Drinks - Sweet Lassi was good. The right amount of sweetness, not making me feel like I am drinking sugar syrup.
Watermelon cooler was also refreshing. 

Main Course - Chur Chur Paratha, similar to a Lachha Paratha was made well with the perfect balance of soft and crispiness. The Pudina Laccha Paratha tasted quite ordinary after it.

The dal was the big disappointment. It lacked the creaminess and the flavors. The zing that makes you want to spoon every drop of it out of the bowl was missing. 

The Rajasthani Chicken Kebab was delicious, I was told. 

The Kulfi, looked exciting, but it again did not live unto the drama it came with. The Rabri and Falooda it was served with made the dessert edible. (I am a bigger fan of the simple Malai Kulfi available in Mumbai)

Full points for  the staff and service.  

I want to give this restarurant another chance and try some more dishes for its aesthetic style of serving food, the calming decor and the good service.

##

2014-04-22 02:09:39
Rohan Bhardwaj
1081421
5.0
very good..........

##

