2018-01-03 04:02:23
Sayantani Sarkar
43679614
3.5
A new cafe on the block ! Went with a lot of excitement but sadly enough most of the bakery items were unavailable plus the recommended dishes in their zomato reviews were not even on the menu card surprisingly.On being enquired someone said the chinese chef is on leave while another staff said menu is veing changed ! So got no clear picture if those dishes can be found on another visit or not ! Coming to the food the creamy hot chocolate waa really bitter,could have been made a little bit sweet but the presentation and quantity was good.The grilled chicken pizza was thin crust with good amount of toppings and tasted great,its a must try.The hazelnut cappucino was a big time dissapointment,everything was bad about it.Regret ordering it.The apple pie with ice cream was good but it would taste better if served after making it a little bit warm by microwaving it for few seconds ( personal suggestion).The kitkat shake had a bleak presentation,very watery,tasted like simple chocolate drink,no flavour of kitkat,no thick consistency and quantitywise also not worth the price.It was recommended by the staff but turned out to be pathetic.But considering the fact the place is new and tollygunge area doesnt have too many good cafes,this joint situated right on the main road covering a large area,great decor and friendly staff can be paid another visit to just check if the improved.They also have board games im stock.But yes we spent a good amount of time sitting and chatting.So will visit another time to see if my noiton changes !

##

2017-12-31 21:22:12
Asit Saha
16333216
3.5
Ordered fish fingers for evening snacks... delivery was a bit late, but worth the wait. The stuff was good..served with tartar sauce....with a thin crispy crumb coat, the fingers were truly fish- y and not just  endless layers of crumb....

##

2017-12-24 22:10:34
Anusree Mondal
30266406
4.5
I might not be a fan of superheroes but this superhero themed cafe serving good food made me drool over it! 

Best dishes being their BBQ pizza, thanos steak, chicken roulade and lamb burger. One shouldn't miss out on the delicious tiramisu and red velvet cake! 

Lovely ambiance with posters all over and you can ask for games to play while you sip or munch! 

Thank you!

##

2017-12-23 22:54:03
Shreya
41712861
3.5
It was not an issue locating the cafe and when we reached there, we found the ambience to be quite nice and quiet. The theme of the cafe (DC comics superheroes and supervillians) works its charm and it's good for a casual outing with friends. The staff was courteous and cordial. We were a little disappointed though with the non-availability of few items from the menu. 
Coming to the food quality, it was good and delicious in taste (the main courses and desserts). Quantity is something which can be worked upon. We didn't like the Kitkat Shake (kind of lost its flavour midway) and the Hazelnut cappucino (way too sweet). We loved the Spiderweb Pizza, Apple pie and the Joker's Shake.

##

2017-12-23 14:01:56
Shounak Ray
462793
4.0
Superhero themed cafes are the flavour of the season and Cafe HQ at Tollygunge is the latest addition to the popular trend . The place can be easily reached from Tollygunge Phari , you just take a left from Phari and just before the Petrol Pump on your left , lo behold Cafe HQ ! Alternatively you can take a turn towards Phari from Rashbehari and reach in a few minutes.

We went to Cafe HQ on a gloomy December afternoon , and the gloomy weather outside was soon replaced by the cheerful interiors . Right from the staircase , the restaurant sets it’s mood just right . The Marvel and Dc comics fan are in for a treat , the pictures , frames and the superhero merchandise are fascinating and would attract any comic book addict instantly !

Coming to the food , the menu is extensive and offers quite a few cuisines . We were delighted to see the selections that included something for everyone . The spread started with a couple of delicious shakes and mocktails first .
The first mocktail was called Kryptonite Chilli Hot Chocolate . It infused the mouth watering chocolate shake with a tang of chilli that created an interesting taste.
Next up was Hazelnut Cappuccino , the nutty taste was quite refreshing . This was followed by Green Apple Mojito , a drink rich with the goodness of green apple and quite refreshing as well. The Catwoman’s Kitkat shake was again very tasty and the Creamy Hot Chocolate just what the hear wants on a winter day!

The starters were soon served on the table and they were a treat to the eyes as well as the taste buds. First came the spring rolls , stuffed with vegetables with a hint of lime it was a culinary delight. The Wasabi Cottage cheese was tasty cubes that married the desi paneer with wasabi and mayo to absolute perfection! However it was the Singapore Fried Wantons that caught my attention the most! Crunchy exterior with a delicious filling and a side of an equally interesting dip this was among the best items served that day.

The main course which followed soon after was again quite good. We started off with Thano’s steak , which was cooked to perfection and accompanied with mashed potato . Spidey’s Prawn Spaghetti had a lot of pasta and a king prawn . This though good leaves some room for improvement definitely. Chicken roulade was again a winner , nice succulent pieces of chicken along with vegetables. The Superman Burger had a nice lamb pate , and this dish would definitely fill you up to the brim! Black manta Prawn Sizzler came sizzling to the table and we were instantly struck by the rich aroma , and it did not come as a surprise that it tasted definitely delicious! The Grilled Chicken Pizza had a nice crust and yummy toppings with a dash of a tasty sauce and was finished off soon after it was presented.

In Chinese we tasted the Chicken Thai Red Curry , Chicken Ginger Capsicum Fried Rice and Mixed Singapore Noodles ! The food was well cooked , but here I felt there was room for perfection yet!

Being a dessert person I always look forward to good desserts after a sumptuous meal and it is here , where Cafe HQ made me extremely happy ! The Red Velvet Cake looked beautiful and tasted equally good. The cheesecake was creamy and after the heavy meal this was indeed much needed.
The Brownie is a classic item and quite indispensable. The taste was top notch! The Caramel Custard was again done to perfection and it was thus on a sweet note that we ended the meal.
Thanks

##

2017-12-22 09:56:32
Harshavardhan Agarwal
785275
4.0
Visited this place on Monday. Nice place, themed on superheroes. I ordered a chicken burger, and although it was messy, pretty tasty. One thing I did notice was that it took a lot of time for them to get our order. If that works out, will definitely revisit. Cheers

##

2017-12-19 17:21:01
Kamalika Mukherjee
178472
4.0
Kolkata is bustling with eateries and why not? In the last 5 years, the city has seen a downpour of many places, while some have also shut down. In this race, it is extremely difficult to come up with something that no one else has tried before. Kudos to Cafe HQ because they have come up with a standalone super hero themed cafe in the city!

I absolutely love the location because it is inside a nice quaint lane close to Mudiali and is very spacious. Walk in all by yourself or with your gang and dine with your favourite heroes.

I was extremely fortunate to have been invited by

##

2017-12-18 10:48:58
Soham Sinha (kolkatadelites)
1322109
5.0
There is a superhero inside all of us. We just need the courage to put on the cape! 'With great power comes great responsibility.' This cafe in the City of Joy is here to serve you great food with great responsibility.

The unique concept of portraying superheros inside a café boasts of quirky furniture with a typical English touch and a splendid bakery infused inside it. The comfort level is set to optimum and the strong aroma of a bakery definitely adds a cherry on the cake. With dim chic lights and a pretty casual ambience, this Headquarter is ready to rock the City Of Joy.

We started off with a few mocktails and shakes.

• Catwoman's Kitkat Shake : This was a treat to the eye as well as the tongue. A bit different than other KitKat Shakes, it was simple yet delicious to taste. They kept this concept simple and the name catchy by imnovating the name of the delicacy.

• Green Apple Mojito : This drink was a unique and decent loaded with the sweet flavours and syrupy touch of green apple in it.

• Hazelnut Cappuccino : It had a gold texture and an amazing consistency for the same. It was thick and loaded with hazelnuts making it an amazing drink to opt for.

• Chilli Hot Chocolate : This had the taste of molten chocolate with a typical chilli flavour and hot chocolate base. It was strong and wonderful.

We headed towards the starters.

• Thai Spring Roll : They were served with a side of sour orange cream which tasted amazing with the dish. The spring rolls were stuffed with mashed vegetables which was difficult to identify but then it had a distinct taste of Kaffir Lime and I definitely loved it. The presentation was on point with cucumbers cut in semi-circles and arranged serially. This gave a wonderful look to the dish and one will definitely fall in love at first sight.

• Wasabee Cottage Cheese : The size of the paneer was huge and stacked with vegetables and sauce. It looked good but the taste was even better. The paneer cubes were soft to chew and melted in the mouth in no time.

• Singapore Wantons : They were crispy, spicy and extremely well flavoured. The sauce served as an accompaniment with the wantons was blissful and had a wonderful chilli touch to it. The wantons were well baked and the sides were crispy enough to gulp in straightaway.

As we headed to the main course of the dish, we explored the whole café which comprised of superhero themed mugs, lights and each and every table had the signature symbol of a superhero. Photo frames of several DC and Marvel superheroes were hung up on the walls which attracts the visitor. One word for the entire ambience and concept : Wonderful!

• Superman Lamb Burger : Oh damn! The presentation was damn awesome. It's a complete delight and is served in a completely unique way. It was loaded with lamb and lots of cheese. The grill was perfect and so was the flavour of the bread. It was served with a side of French Fries which tasted equally good. Loved this one.

• Spidey's Prawn Spaghetti : A mountain of spaghetti topped with a big prawn. This had a authentic texture which was spiced up with a hint of herbs. The prawn was well cooked and the typical aroma of the prawn will drive a person to eat it at one go. This delicacy was delicious and soulful.

• Grilled Chicken Pizza : Thin crust pizza coated with toppings of chicken slices, olive, asparagus, mozarella cheese, red onions and bell peppers , it was a delight in itself. Crunchy and well flavoured, it was a complete comfort dish.

• Thanos Chicken Steak : The look of this dish is supreme. The steak was cooked to perfection and the soft delicious texture was something to cherish. With every bite of the chicken steak, one can make an idea of how heavenly this amazing dish is.

• Black Manta Prawn Sizzler : It was huge in quantity and the prawn was coated in rich sauce. The marination was done well and for the flavour and the texture, I would give a 9/10.

We were served with some Chinese items too which they proclaimed to be their signature Chinese dishes.

• Mixed Singapore Noodles : It was nothing special. The usual noodles that we have was served along with a side dish of Chicken. They blended well and the taste came out to be good.

• Chicken Ginger Capsicum Fried Rice : I never imagined that Fried Rice can be such innovative. The taste was completely different, though not totally Chinese but yes there was a hint of it. The aroma of the capsicum and ginger made the taste unique.

• Chicken Thai Red Curry : This was the side dish which went hand in hand with both the above mains. It was the regular Chicken Curry served in Thai style.

It was time for the desserts.

• Red Velvet Cake : The cheesecake was rich and had a tint of tangy berry compote. The texture of the base and cream cheese complimented each other so well that it was one of the perfect cheesecakes we had ever had.

• Brownie : No speciality in this delicacy to highlight for. Normal brownie with a great taste. Still, loved the proper texture and the adequate taste.

Their quality again, is great and worth every penny. New concept, great quality, amazing ambience and reasonable rates! I don't think you would need any more reasons to visit the Headquarters as soon as you can!

Ambience : 4.5/5
Taste Quotient : 4.5/5
Service : 4.5/5

##

2017-12-17 16:54:17
Arijit Basu
10168061
4.0
We are  living in the age of comic books and super heroes and villians. Comic book movies are not only some of the most anticipated and highest grossing movies of our generation, we might as well be remembered as the era of comic book movies. So it is hardly a surprise that the F&B industry is trying to use this very means to attract the youth of a city, who also are the ones who eat out mostly. Cafe Hq is a very noble idea of making a cafe themed around comic books and it is the first of its kind in the city of joy. Lets talk about it. 

Located just a 5 minute walk away from Ravindra Sarovar metro, the place is easy to find. As soon as you find the Music kafe, just go behind it to see the entrance. You know you are headed to a comic book themed cafe right off the bat too as the stairs are adorned with various comic book character posters. Once you enter, it only gets better. Not too brightly lit, it is a large spacious cafe where each table and even the hanging lights have superhero prints. Whether it is the Flash who greets you from the light near the door or Dr Strange or Harley Quinn right above the seating tables, you could guess anyone would like how this place is lit. Various superhero posters adorn the walls in a corner and the serving area is decorated with two big books about Marvel and DC which the guests can take a look at any time they want. 

At the end of the day, this is still a restaurant so lets finally get to the food. 

We tasted- 

1. Kryptonite Chili Hot Chocolate- Named after Superman's greatest weakness, I did expect a bigger chilli kick from it. What I did get was a drink that warms your insides. Not too chocolatey but with a nice hint of chili in the back. A good thing for winter. 

2. Catwoman's Kitkat Shake- Aside from Catwoman's name being attached to this, this was very standard fare. The  cream used to decorate the shake was quite high in proportion too and I'd have preferred that it had a bit of crushed ice and more sweetness to it. 

3. Green Apple Mojito- I knew this would be a good one when I saw it being prepared. This is definitely a very refreshing drink and I liked it.

4. Creamy Hot Chocolate- A big improvement from the last hot chocolate drink, this hit all the right notes and was definitely the highlight of the drinks section for me. Something I'd order again. 

5. Thai Spring Roll- Properly filled- check, Hint of lemongrass-check, crispy-check, spicy dip to go along with- check, there is nothing to fault with this really, I went back for a second one. 

6. Wasabi Cottage Cheese- Paneer with a hint of wasabi and a creamy mayo to add some relief and all of this in bite sizes, who can complain. Pretty tasty to eat. 

7. Singapore Fried Wantons- When I first saw them I honestly thought of big chips but boy was I mistaken. They had a generous filling and were very crispy and with that spicy dip, everything became better. My favorite starter right here. 

8. Chicken Roulade- Soft succulent chicken which was stuffed with an olive each, in a yummy sauce with veggies, definitely a good choice to order here. I loved it. 

9. Thanos' Steak- Chicken Steak well cooked, delicious creamy mash potato, red wine jus. A winner. 

10. Spidey's Spaghetti- We got the prawn version. It came with a whole king prawn nonetheless and garlic bread on the side. The spaghetti was well cooked and al dente but I found it a tad bit bitter, maybe cause I like my aglio olio a bit more bland. 

11. Superman Burger- This has a lamb patty. Definitely a good burger with a bit patty, cheese and the burnt garlic chili mayo was a tasty surprise inside. It came with french fries and a slaw over which I'd pick a dip for the fries any day. 

12. Black Manta Prawn Sizzler- Grilled prawns and roasted veggies on a sizzling plate with lemon butter sauce. I honestly found the prawns a bit smelly and didn't get the appeal of the dish that much. 

13. Amazing Spider Web Grilled Chicken Pizza- Pretty long name but definitely holds on to the quality. Right amount of toppings and cheese on a thin crust base and a spider web on it made of mayo. Visually appealing and delicious. Definitely ordering this again in the future. 

14. Chicken Ginger Capsicum Fried Rice- Standard fare, nothing to fault. Rice was well cooked too. 

15. Mixed Singapore Noodles- Spicy noodles with chicken and veggies, cannot go wrong with that. 

16. Chicken Thai Red Curry- Thai Curry is one of my favorite curries to ever eat. This one had very strong flavors of tomato, big chunks of chicken and was tailor made to try out with plain steamed white rice. 

17. Deadpool's Red Velvet Cake- One word, delicious!

18. Gone in a Flash Caramel Custard- Wobbly on the plate, not too sweet, definitely yummy. It was really gone in a flash.

19. Spidey's webbed walnut brownie- Really appreciate the spider web drawn on the plate where the brownie was served. This comes with ice cream. Love the dark chocolate that has been used to bake this. Definitely yum. 

20. Tiramisu- Oh how much I love coffee, so the highlight of this dish was seeing liquid coffee inside this beautiful dessert. Definitely my favorite out of the lot, am definitely going back for this one. 

Cafe Hq has not only curated up a superhero design but also has a superhero menu as you can tell I was more than just full given the list of food we sampled. So put on your capes, masks, hoods and go save yourself from the evil that is hunger by visiting cafe HQ today. 

Thank you for your hospitality Cafe HQ and Jude Martin for inviting me for this tasting.

##

