2018-01-14 19:52:38
Debanjali Basu
15821368
4.5
One of the best places to have a Shrimp Cocktail, absolutely loved it! 
Loved the Tiramisu cake and the Sangria! 
The portions were really generous, value for money!

##

2018-01-09 00:04:08
Yashna Bhatter
32946663
3.0
Hub (old name of Cal 27) was one my favorite places.
Renovated/Refurbished Hub - > Cal 27
Was very excited to visit the place after its reopening but was very disappointed on seeing the menu. Not what was expected out of Taj Bengal especially for the Vegetarians. The service wasn't upto the mark either.
However, the pizza and the mud pie was as good as always.

##

2017-12-29 16:54:27
Saugata Mukherjee
43105417
5.0
I visited Cal 27 last week. Ambience is excellent. Food quality very good. Price is at per the standard
of restaurant. Overall nice experience.

##

2017-12-09 19:23:30
NikitaNangalia
730418
4.0
Nice experience here. Newly renewed . Warm staff as usual . Change in ambience has added a slight twist to the visit. :) always a pleasure being here .

##

2017-12-01 13:52:57
Indrajit Lahiri
542545
3.5
Generally speaking, in any big hotel, five star or above I mean to say, the coffee shop is one of the most neglected food joints. Now, please don’t get me wrong here. The food is normally good, in fact excellent- service- generally top notch. But, when compared to their own specialty restaurants, the coffee shop tends to lose its identity. So, when we were invited for a sneak peek of the to-be-opened coffee shop, Cal27, in Taj Bengal, we expected another usual 24X7 coffee shop. But, it proved, for us, to be something else gastronomically.
 

9th of November was the inaugural party (and next day was the official opening) and for some reason, I was invited. It was slightly scary for me, because I mostly write on small joints and hidden gems of city and feel scared when invited to these big places. But, however, one fine evening, there I was, walking on the red carpet to the venue. It was built in place of Hub, the old coffee shop, a lovely place beside the pool. Cal27 is having 2 floors, where the first floor can be used for small get together and parties and one motion sensor lift was installed, with one liftman. Now, being Taj Bengal, the party had whos-who in town, literally, from cricket stars to industrialists and from socialites to industrialists, and even few bloggers- everybody was there. And, needless to say, it was a lovely evening. 

As they say, a party is for enjoyment and not work and Taj Bengal management understood that. Hence, we were invited for a blogger’s meetup after a few days over lunch. Now, we were just picking up few items from the buffet (basically some lovely looking pork belly with pineapple), while the menu concept was shared with us, but not before the lovely Cal27 (the signature cocktail with sugarcane juice and white rum).

But, first things first. I am a price sensitive customer – Hami gorib admi achhi. But, the pricing is such that, once a while, its affordable if someone is looking for some premium service. So, here’s the buffet pricing, though I would suggest the a la carte dishes here. Read ahead for the reason …..

Breakfast Buffet: Rs. 850/-

Weekday Lunch Buffet: Rs. 1550/-

Weekday DInner Buffet: Rs. 1650/-

Saturday Lunch Buffet: Rs. 1750/- with unlimited beer

Sunday Brunch: Rs. 2150/- with sparkling wine

Sunday Brunch: Rs. 2950/- with champagne

For kids buffet lunch for weekend: Rs. 1200/-

(All prices without GST)

Now, surprisingly, this management team for this coffee shop has worked really really hard for the menu design. One dish, rather one best selling dish from each of the international Taj properties, were selected and put in the menu as a la carte items and needless to say, we were asked to sample them. But, statutory warning, portion sizes are really, really huge, so please take suggestion from your server while ordering.

First came the non-veg Bunny Chow. Now, there is a funny story for this dish. In a layman’s language, bunny chow is hollowed large sized bun with vegetable or chicken filling. The dish was historically created in Durban. Stories of the origin of bunny chow date as far back as the migrant Indian workers arrival in South Africa. Migrant workers from India who were brought to South Africa to work the sugarcane plantations carried their lunch, mostly curried vegetable inside a hollowed out loaf of bread. Meaty version came later. And the story goes like, the word “Bunny” came from “Baniya”. The dish is super non-spicy and kid-friendly. But, as I will keep on saying, its actually a huge bun, so order wisely. I’ve never had the privilege of f having it in its native land, but friends told me, the original version is served in a simple, humble bread loaf. But, a nice soft bun replaced it here, and I didn’t mind that.

While we were finishing the dish, our favorite came, with the perfect accompaniment of tarter sauce, butter and mashed peas- the British battered fry from St James Court, London. Here a beer batter was used and to prevent the fry from getting soggy, no salt was used in the batter and was supposed to be added separately (if needed). Now, 2 large pieces of Betki can’t go wrong and naturally it didn’t. And, this is going to be my go-to-dish when I come back next with family.

A portion of non-veg Lamprai (From Taj Samudra, Colombo) came next. Now, this was the first time I’ve tasted this dish. Lamprais, is one of the most popular dishes of Dutch Burgher cuisine. The origin of the word Lamprais remains unclear but it is thought to be the anglicized version of the original Dutch words – klomp (lump) rijst (rice). Basically, yellow rice with meat ball, curried meat, one boiled egg and yellow rice was wrapped inside a banana leaf and was steamed. And while opening, a nice intoxicating smell hit us and I fell in love with this immediately. The rice was a bit soggy and being a perfect street food from Sri Lanka, this was a full one-dish meal in itself. The quantity is sufficient to be divided by two adults. 

We all are familiar with Nasi Goreng, the mixed meat cousin of Indonesian fried rice. But unlike other places, this dish here, was relatively milder in nature, yet not losing its taste. Straight from Vivanta By Taj, Rebak Island, Langkawi, this dish was basically a comfort food. 

And finally, it was Fish exotica from Taj Exotica, Maldives. It was fish and prawn cooked with lemon grass, fresh turmeric and sambal. It is either I am not accustomed with the smell of sambal, or the taste of that Lamprai was still inside my head, this dish went okay with me. But as they say, it’s an acquired taste and something which everybody (except me) loved- bad me …..

The dessert was chocolate and chilly mousse-cake. Though I was full, but desserts are like your toddler- they always push in and makes space for itself inside you and you feel happy having it. Forget about the glamorous looks, taste was divine.

##

2017-11-26 13:22:54
Ashish Chowdhary
1199118
1.0
Horrible service. Took us almost 3 hours to complete our dinner and we ordered only 6 dishes or so! Also hate the fact that the bread basket isn’t free anymore. The final nail in the coffin was the Mudpie. Just went from being the best in the city to the worst!

##

2017-11-23 22:34:02
Soumyajeet Basu
34575716
5.0
It was my fiirst visit at Cal27,taj bengal...the name itself does not need any description....the buffet spread was mouth watering, decor was pleasent, staffs were really very good at hospitality, special thanx to mr.joy, who helped us throughout....although a very good experience...would like to visit again...cheers..!!!!

##

2017-11-20 12:34:43
Pascal Gomes
48254986
5.0
The environment and food are beyond expectation, the staffs are polite and nice.Special thanks to Mr.Agnish who actual made our eve.He's professional and an absolute stunner.Want him in service on our return.The combination of food, environment and staff made us comfortable and feel respected.Thank You Agnish.

##

2017-11-17 22:56:31
Lex Bengal
42516407
1.0
Doesn't have touch of Taj - bad service and worst food. It was such a nightmare visiting this place after all the hype it created. The kids with me swore never to return to this place. The only saving grace was their bunches of sorry, which otherwise was only out of politiness with no meaning attached to it.

##

2017-11-17 17:15:33
Abhiraj Agarwal
45953641
5.0
Taj never stops to delight us.We were two and opted   for buffet.It turned out to be amazing as always. Can not just wait to go again.Must Visit.

##

2017-11-15 23:22:51
Rahul 'Copcop' Prasad
310616
3.5
So here's the thing. I've given slightly above an average rating because the evening started on a sour note but ended well. Read the review completely before passing judgement. 
First the positive
The new decor is fabulous. Looks like a great place to go to after a long night out for a good meal.
The negative
Looks like they haven't learned lessons yet from the Hub days. I'll elaborate 
The coffee shop right now is more likely to be tested as a restaurant because it's new and people in Calcutta always try all the new places.
So as expected it was crowded. We walked in and were fortunate enough to be able to get a table which had been vacated.
The table was provided to us without really cleaning up. There was a rather large food stain on the table cloth and a fresh plate had been put in place over it. 2 pieces of cutlery provided had particals of food on them and we had to ask them to change it. Not expected from a 5 star hotel experience.
The food came and while my shrimp nasi gore got was excellent the roasti ordered by my wife lacked flavour and a key side dish (cheese sauce) was missing. By the time we informed them and they hurriedly got it the food was cold. And the cheese sauce was a watered down salty liquid which didn't taste appetising.
So now annoyed we asked for the manager and an Assistant Manager named Rahul approached us. Taj must be doing something right because he provided us with old school service.
The chef was summoned and we had an opportunity to explain our disappointment to him.
Rahul then went on to try and replace the roasti with a new one though we refused because.. Well you don't feel like it after that (what a waste though... Sigh). He also went ahead and gave us a fabulous desert on the house as an apology.
All on all a good meal and price as expected. 
So well done in the end because I feel that he salvaged the night and I think I'll definitely be going back.

##

