2018-01-16 23:15:33
Maushmi Singh
50018838
5.0
The best Skybar in Kolkata with amazing cocktails and food variety.. especially the Sunday Brunch is not to be missed...I have visited this place quite a few times and it has now become one of my favourite places to hang out..The manager Mr. Biplob Ghosh has been very courteous and has helped us a lot in exploring the best out of this place..To all the Zomato readers I would suggest a must visit to this place..

##

2018-01-13 06:53:36
Satya Agarwal
40733550
5.0
Lunch Buffet @ ₹ 750 A.I. (no drinks included)

Ambience : Very good, you can walk around the sky deck and enjoy the views, meals served inside.

Service : Courteous

Spread : Compared to buffet's in 5 Star restaurants, the spread is small. However, all the items on the spread are amazing and makes up for the comparatively less variety.

Food : We had vegetarian, review accordingly.

Starters - 2 Veg & 2 Non Veg Snacks, served at your table. We had Pesto Paneer Tikka and Crispy Pepper Baby corn, both amazing.

Salad Counter with variety of choices and sauces. The roasted zucchini was outstanding. Also, there were 4 ready salads, of which the Greek salad was again, outstanding.

One soup, hot and sour, which we did not taste.

Hakka noodles with Asian greens, very good.

Broccoli Cannelloni & Roast Tomato Ragout, both simply mind blowing. These two were by far, the best dishes.

Main course consisted of Palak Paneer, Roast Potato and shallots in creamy sauce and Daal Makhani. The Paneer was good but the potato and Daal were again, very good.

Desserts : 
1. Sugar Free Sandesh - Very Good
2. White Forest Pastry - Very Good
3. Lemon Tart - The best I've ever had
4. Baked Gur Sandesh - Very Good
5. Red Velvet Mousse - Amazing
6. Hot Walnut Brownie - Amazing
7. Salted Caramel Ice Cream - Amazing (although a little too salty for my taste)

Recommended : Definitely, worth the experience.

##

2018-01-08 23:48:21
Yashna Bhatter
32946663
1.5
At the 20th floor, this is one of the most beautiful places to go to. Let me tell you the good things first, the place is beautiful and food is decent. So winter evenings and outdoor seating go hand in hand. Now let's come to the reason as to why I have rated this place 1.5. Well since 1 rating is minimum, I added the extra 0.5 only because of Miss Mousami (the person who served us on our visit). She ensured that we had the best time possible. However, the manager there was least bothered. To start with, his name is Mr. Biplav Ghosh. It was a Saturday night and they had cover charge, which was fair enough. What Mr. Biplav forgot to mention was that the outdoor seating is completely occupied and in the indoor area, they only had 2 staff (excluding the bar tender). It took good 20minutes for the menu to come or I would rather say, I had to go and call someone to give us the menu. And then another 15mins for someone to come and take the order. On complaing to Mr. Biplav, he was extremely arrogant and kept on arguing that there is enough staff and that he informed us early that there is no place outside. Well, I would say he should be fired right away for his attitude and because he can lie to any extent. Guys don't trust him at all. He spoilt everyone's mood in the starting one hour itself. Further on, there was lack of staff. I literally had to go to the bar and get my own drinks because there was nobody to get the drink from the bar to the table. Food is decent but the portion is very less. The concept of small bites have failed miserably.

Just one suggestion, if you happen to go there, please ensure that you don't have any conversation with Mr. Biplav and if you do, then please record it because he is one man who will keep going back from his words. I didn't even get a feedback form because they do not have one (apparently the management thinks that their "qualified" manager Mr. Biplav is too good. I am sorry to say, he is the only reason why I would never want to go there again and would recommend all my friends to not go either).

##

2018-01-08 20:57:10
Vidhya
30225532
4.0
Capella is a new addition to rooftop restaurant in Sector 5, Salt lake.I had visited Capella with my sister today afternoon. It has a grand and quirky decor.It can be easily  located at the 20th floor of ambuja ecocentre building close to karunamoyee.
The place is decorated with movie posters and dialogues. I loved that idea. From the very entrance and the look of the place it seems to be a very classy decor. We had opted for lunch buffet as no a la carte is available during the lunch hours.Even though the spread was not huge I personally liked the quality of the food. We started with a bowl of clear soup which was good. There was a large spread of salads available with cous cous and quinoa and nuts and cheese. I particularly loved the chicken salad and the pasta that was served. They served 2 veg starters and 2 non veg starters on the table i.e. murg malai kabab, chilli garlic fish, harabhara kabab and babycorn konjee.The main  course had both veg and non veg dishes with any bread of your choice. We tasted saffron pulao,murg pesto butter masala, lamb shank in rustic tomato sauce. We also tasted hakka noodles with fish in chilli garlic sauce. I also tried the corn and green pecout and cheese cannelleni.Out of all the main course item I tasted I really liked the cheese cannelleni and the murg pesto butter masala, everything else seemed nothing special. The dessert spread is less compared to other buffet places around. There was two kinds of pastries, blueberry cheesecake, nutty break cake, assorted mousse and gulab jamun.
Though the spread was not too lavish, all the items tasted good. The pocket pinch was 1500 for two. 
The staff changed the used plates every time we moved to the buffet counter and refilled the water glasses timely.So the staff seemed attentive and courteous.
Finally the view❤
They dont open the open section for lunch. So we finished our lunch at the closed section and moved to the open section for some time. The view from the 20th floor was spectacular.That is basically the best thing about Capella.
I would definitely recommend Capella to experience this.

##

2018-01-08 20:29:23
Abhishek Chowdhury
259471
2.0
2 makes up for the food and ambience for sure, else 1. Pathetic service. Waited for 30 minutes for a waiter to show up to take order and offer water in the inside part. 

1) The concerned waiter mixed up 2 food menu cards from inside and outside. When ordered half of the mocktails and food were not available. The one Mango Mule tasted good though. 

2)Waited for another forty minutes for the drinks to be served , we were confused how can service of drinks take so long. Alcohol was served in a whisky glass directly and carried by hand, not even a salvor(are you kidding me). 

3)Asked for Ice, ice brought in by another whisky glass and served with a tong , no ice bucket (again are you kidding me), by the way he dropped 2 ice cubes on the table while serving. 

4)When confronted the waiter said that he has worked in fine dining restaurant so he is not accustomed with the service in a lounge, also no responsibility or remorse for a bad service. 

Food was very good and tasty, portions are okay. Service time for main courses are a bit long which is acceptable. Service is pathetic. 

Not expected from an Ambuja property. I was excited about the property and expected services like Afraa and Orient and recommended them here. But a loss of face in front of my family.

##

2018-01-08 19:51:30
Anika Zaman
29240263
1.0
Horrible service....had to wait for one hour for hookah and food to arrive yet it dint come. Had to leave the place.. Such a waste of time and energy!

##

2018-01-07 22:38:59
Saurabh Nowal
134495
1.0
Pathetic experience... extremely slow service and the most dumb set of staff I have ever seen anywhere.. the soup took 40 minutes to be served... the staff did not know what is available and what isn’t... very limited menu and very small servings... won’t recommend even 1 visit..

##

2018-01-06 23:04:36
Ami Shah
2062244
1.0
One time experience..Service too slow..They have cover charge which is not at all justified...
About the food, it's very limited...Not much variety..

Folks would suggest u all to try if u want to . Otherwise give it a miss...Coz u would find much better places in kolkata.

##

2018-01-05 02:12:42
Prity Poddar - Veg Food And Reviews
957766
3.5
Jan 2018:

Bite Sized Appetizers @ Capella - Altair Boutique Hotel, Kolkata ☺

An impromptu late evening invite by a couple friend to join them in their New Year's celebration, gave us the opportunity to check out Capella, the rooftop and currently solo restaurant of the recently opened Altair Boutique Hotel, that houses the 19th and 20th floors of EcoCenter Ambuja Neotia, the swank commercial building near Wipro, Sec V, Salt Lake.

Situated on the 20th floor aka the rooftop, Capella is equipped with both covered and open terrace seating arrangements. It's well designed, spacious and gives you one of the best views of the city!

Devoid of any soup, salad or main course, Capella's menu lists separate solo pages of both veg and non veg starters, followed by beverage and alcohol options.

Potato Brava and Veg Quesadilla were two of the four dishes ordered on our table. 

- Potato Brava: Placed on a thick black and almost rectangular slab of rock, 6 portions of fried potato cubes were served, topped with a spoonful of in-house made tomato sauce and garnished with some grated cheese. A couple of halved cherry tomatoes were placed alongside. Thin strips of cabbage were sparsely strewn all over.

The aforementioned Spanish appetizer expectantly tasted good. But the portion served was quite less.

- Veg Quesadilla: 3 portions of quadrant shaped corn #tortillas were served with a bowl of tomato #Salsa, a green dip and 3 mini dollops of cream.

The dish tasted nice but was not enough for even one person.

#vfr209

##

2018-01-04 01:12:42
Ranabir Saha
54691
4.0
Pros: 
Lovely Ambience
Reasonably Priced
Quick Service
Amazing view
Possibly the best in Kolkata so far in terms of open space, interiors and sitting
Sheesha: good
Cons:
Alcohol served in cheap plastic glass in the open area, while in glass, inside; seems a bit odd
Prime spots reserved, while no one showed up in the next 1.5 hrs

##

2018-01-03 14:02:50
Souvik Bhattacharya
1352528
4.0
Capella is a newest sky bar in the town located at 20th floor of EcoCentre. The open air lounge with skyline view of the city makes the best seating arrangement in town. The ambiance is exquisite and lot of thought process been put behind the architecture and interior.

The pub has introductory offer on weekday buffet (Mon to Sat) at INR 750 per head inclusive taxes without alcohol and lavish Sunday brunch with unlimited imported alcohol only at INR 1499 per head inclusive taxes.

However, during evening only finger food that too limited options. Taste was good but service was very slow. They should have Sunday brunch options for teetotallers too and lunch buffet on weekdays with alcohol.

##

