2017-11-27 12:09:20
Dipannita Mallick
27871309
5.0
I ordered some food for a get together in our house and I was mesmerised with the with they delivered. To begin with the delivery was fast and the packaging was excellent. 
Now coming to the food, 
For starters we ordered-
~Wok Tossed Green Red Pepper Chicken 
~Dry Chilli Pork
~Double Spiced Fish with Celery 
All of the starters were amazing. Each had a unique taste and tickled our tastebuds in the best possible way. 
For the main course we ordered-
~Egg and Chicken Hakka Noodles
~Burnt Ginger Capsicum Rice 
~Pork in Tobanjan Sauce
~Mandarin Fish
Yet again everything was amazing. The fish and pork were so well cooked. Loved it! 
For dessert, we ordered-
~Hot Chocolate Roll with Vanilla Ice Cream. 
The chocolate roll was lovely. A must try indeed! 
I will definitely order from here again 
Happy Fooding ♥

##

2017-11-27 12:01:32
Dr-Nilanjana Bhattacharyya
16155135
5.0
I recently visited a friends place in Minto Park and she ordered some super delicious Chinese from this amazing place close by..
These are what we ordered..
For starters we had crispy konjee lamb(highly recommended) and wok flamed green red pepper chicken (flamed pepper chicken at its best)
For the main course we had mandarin fish and burnt ginger capsicum rice..(mandarin fish is highly recommended since it had a crisp outer cover even when soaked in gravy)
To end things in a sweet note we had hot chocolate rolls with ice cream..
Excellent food, well packaging and super fast delivery is what makes cloud kitchen a heartthrob..

##

2017-11-26 19:06:25
Roshni Bose
2155332
3.5
Ordered home delivery of non veg fried rice, chilli chicken, drunken drumstick, mixed pan fried chowmin. The quantity of each of the items were more than sufficient for two people. The chili chicken had 12-14 small chunks of chicken. The packaging was remarkable. They had taken great care to pack each box meticulously so that the food remains warm. The taste could be improved. Overall a fairly good experience

##

2017-11-21 11:07:30
Senjuti Kundu
32466013
5.0
There was a reunion at a friend's place and it being near to Elgin,we decided to order the foor from Cloud Kitchen.This place is located just beside the Rabindra Sadan metro gate number 3.They have both delivery as well as take away option.
The items we opted for was:
•Wok flamed green red pepper chicken- This item was cooked to perfection,was little spicy but the right amount of it to make it flavoursome.
•Dry chilly pork-The pork was amazing. The meat was so tender that it almost melted in the mouth. Wasn't chewy at all so all the pork lovers should definitely order this one.

In the main course we chose:
•Chicken Hakka noodle-This item was the normal hakka noodle but extremely delicious.
•Pork in tobanjan sauce-This pork item was incredibly prepared. I personally loved this item specially for it's flavours. Definitely recommend.

To end the amazing meal we chose:
•Chocolate roll with vanilla icecream-Now,this chocolate roll was sinfull and clubbed together with vanilla icecream it was an heavenly ending.

Overall,the eating experience was great. Would definitely order again.

##

2017-11-18 12:49:12
Pooja Punjabi
35652799
5.0
Ordered Chinese food from this place a few days back ! Was delighted to see that the food was still hot !
The dishes that I loved and I will certainly recommend are : 
*Roasted chilli pork dry : Absolute melt in the mouth pork ! 
*Wok flamed green red pepper chicken : crispy hot juicy chicken ! 
*Pork in Tobanjan Sauce 
*Egg hakka chow 
*burnt ginger capsicum rice 
Loved the food and would definitely order more and more from here !

##

2017-11-17 13:18:09
Soumyadip Banerjee/the_bigfatfoodie
27343204
4.5
Location : Right next to Rabindra Sadan metro station.

This is a takeaway and delivery outlet and is one of my faves when it comes to oriental cuisine.

I love ther double fried pork, dry chilli pork, crispy konjee lamb, pork in tobanjan sauce, thai curries.

Their food is amazing. I would really love to mention one standout dish for me as far as veg dish is concerned is their Crispy spinach! It's amazing!

##

2017-11-13 23:22:25
Rik Bhatta
1722105
5.0
Takeaways and home delivery restaurants are emerging as the new pioneers in providing good quality food to the city of Joy and one such place is cloud kitchen which won me over completely today! A group of 8, we decided to order in today and I was totally amazed by their prompt delivery, packaging and the sheer quality of the food! 

Coming to the starters, this place serves some really good pork so pork lover's this should definitely be your go to place! We ordered the dry chilli pork and this dish stood out in terms of quality and quantity! The proportion of spices and vegetables were Apt! We also had the green red pepper chicken and it was a wise decision to order this one since it came in a really good proportion accompanied with some unparalleled taste! Winding up the starters we moved on to the main course! 

The main course was consisted of chicken hakka which was perfectly cooked, with generous portions of chicken and egg, chicken fried rice (burnt garlic) which tasted really well, general taos chicken which was more than enough for three plates! The quantity was just unquestionable, the taste was unparalleled!  For me, the Mandarin fish was the highlight of the main course, it was crispy and yummy, perfectly cooked! 

Our lunch ended with the chocolate rolls with ice cream and it was the perfect icing on the cake! 

To conclude, i am definitely going to order from this place henceforth! If you are craving for some good Chinese delicacies, this place should definitely be on your bucket list!

##

2017-09-17 21:25:10
Kunal Bansal
272008
4.5
Super super superb Chinese.  Ordered online thrice.   Superb all three times.    Garlic ginger  chicken is out of the world !  Keep it up guys.  U beat the who's who of Chinese eateries in kolkata.  Great job.

##

2017-08-24 21:51:33
Pranav Goyal
279576
4.0
We ordered in dinner from this place and damn were we impressed. Firstly it delivered bang on time and the packing of the food is probably the best I've ever seen. It seemed impossible to leak.

Now to the food:

-Cigar Rolls : smashing stuff. Good cream cheese and spinach rolled and to be dipped in a mild spicy sauce. If it were fresh out from the kitchen and not delivered I would have loved it even more

-Khow Suey : I was amazed how neatly everything was packed. Each condiment in a different container. The gravy was a little too coconutey for my liking but it was loaded with vegetables and thats what I like.

-Tsing Hoi Diced Potato: this was regular but not bad.

-Chilli Garlic Fried Rice : very good again. I like that there wasn't a lot of garlic in it.

If you are lazy and want good Asian food in the comfort of your house,then this is place to get it from.

##

