2016-08-22 12:22:16
Rishi Agarwal
1632482
4.0
Owned and managed by a very friendly and helpful lady, D Chocolatee is one place where u can get completely customised  chocolicious options. She has an array of options in dark chocolates which will surely satisfy your taste buds, my favourite being coffee.
Ps: please revise ur rate card on zomato ;)

##

2013-10-09 16:47:15
Bhavesh Bhatia
199538
4.0
One of the most innovative chocolatiers in town!

There are many chocolate makers around town that specialize in making some good chocolate but you will not find the warmth and good vibes that you will get when you visit D Chocolatee to pick up some chocolate anywhere else. 
When I went over to try some of their chocolate, I was well met by Devanshi who insisted that I try some of the flavours first to see which ones I like and then buy once I had ‘tasted the goods’. I did exactly that and here is what I found:
Being a coffee lover, I tried coffee first and was pleasantly surprised to find that I loved it! It was soft, yet perfectly set and there was a nice coffee flavour in the chocolate but it did not overpower the taste of the chocolate so you got to taste both clearly.

 Adventerous by nature, i decided to try Paan next. It was nice, lot of paan flavour and very tasty – but not for me as i do not eat paan regularly. It will clearly appeal to those who do though.

Next, to cleanse my palate, I tried classic chocolate – soft, melty, in a word – classic!

My next choice was also the one that got me the most unexpected results – I tried marshmallow, which was actually a whole marshmallow coated with a gentle layer of chocolate. The fun of biting into what looked like a chocolate but was actually a marshmallow was really good, and reminded me of my school days when we used to buy marshmallows in winter from the churan wala.

My last pick was muesli – another innovative creation from D Chocolatee which probably got its idea from rice crisp bars available in the market. Of course, this was better with lots of muesli inside to give it a crispy and crunchy flavour – good going D Chocolatee!

Basically, if you live in South Kolkata, D Chocolatee should be your one-stop shop when it comes to good quality chocolate. Located in Girish Mukherjee Road, this little dessert outlet in Bhawanipur offers a wide array of chocolates in interesting and (clearly!) innovative flavours that are sure to blow your mind away! 

Offered in colourful foil papers, their chocolates are a hit among both corporate and retail customers. Whether you buy them for personal consumption or give then away, their pocket friendly prices (and the delicious chocolates themselves!) are sure to leave you feeling all good and satisfied inside. The one thing that will strike you besides the rich taste of chocolate is the soft and smooth texture of these small pieces of goodness. Besides being available in standard shapes and sizes, you can have chocolates customised in any kind of shape and design of your liking, which is nice. Just make sure you don’t have too many as they are really rich and chocolaty.

##

2013-10-07 11:41:22
Priscilla
1288883
4.0
Drive away all your blues with D Chocolatee!

When I feel down and low, I crave for some rich and yummy chocolates to give a lift to my mood. Before I came across D Chocolatee on Girish Mukherjee Road, I used to make do with bars of chocolates from well-known brands. Now, this place has become the place to go to for all things chocolate. When it comes to chocolate, D Chocolatee offers a wide variety of interesting chocolate flavours at reasonable prices. With D Chocolatee, one thing is guaranteed, that is all their products are quality stuff that remains consistent in their taste and texture. 

Though I have not been able to have all of their chocolate offerings but the ones that I have had left me feeling satisfied. To begin with nothing beats their brownie chocolates; you can compare it with real chocolate brownies from some upscale café. D Chocolatee has given people another reason to have chocolates without being health conscious in the form of Muesli chocolates where you get a nice crunchy texture of the cereal along with the divine taste of chocolate. For all the lovers of chocolate paan, it is time to check out their refreshing and minty paan flavoured chocolate for a change. This I believe is one of their many innovative but delicious blends of chocolate with Indian paan. Likewise their coffee flavoured chocolates and marshmallow chocolates have become my all time favourites. Even their classic chocolate will definitely leave you with a very wide smile on your face. It did leave a mile long smile on my face the first time I had it!

The final verdict- D Chocolatee is definitely a chocolate paradise for all chocolate lovers. Even people who do not love sweet things will like their not so sweet chocolates for a change.

##

2013-10-05 11:14:35
Lagan Aggarwal
1278973
4.0
“Satisfy Your Craving For Chocolates With D Chocolatee”
“All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt.”  Chocolate is a dessert loved by everyone whether children, adults or oldies.
I love chocolates and include it in my list of to do things for the day and at the end of the day I have at least one thing done and that is eating chocolates.
This is one of my favorite chocolate destinations -D Chocolatee, located at Girish Mukherjee Road. They make delicious chocolates which come in a variety of flavors including Assorted – Non-liquor/liquor/combo chocolates at a decent price.
Although I couldn’t manage to taste all their premium homemade chocolate flavors but the one’s which I tasted left me tempting for more. Muesli has a nice crunchy taste with a shape of rock and it not just for the fitness freaks. The pan flavor gave a feeling of having a pan filled with loads of chocolate in it leaving a nice minty and fresh taste in my mouth. It is a unique yet delicious combination. Classic flavor is rich in chocolate and left my mouth with the heavenly taste of pure chocolate…It is a must try!
I am a coffee lover and love having coffee; the coffee flavored chocolates from D Chocolatee gave me a pleasant experience of having coffee in a solid form and I am gonna stuff my bag with some of these chocolates the next time I step out of my house. The choco brownie flavor has a taste of divine rich brownie filled in chocolate. Last but not the least the marshmallow chocolate has a filling of soft marshmallows in it which tastes like delectable chocolate marshmallows.
The next time I want to have some more rich flavored chocolates I will definitely order D Chocolatee...High quality stuff at decent prices and delicious flavors.

##

2013-10-03 00:00:59
Jay Kothari
1274491
4.5
loved the chocolates here.... they are not too sweet and have this lovely creamy texture.... and the variety is mind boggling... never before have i had these fantastic flavours of choco..... i.e. paan, real cherries or marshmallow chocs.... these are a must try.... i have been ordering chocs for my company every diwali (apart from my personal use), and almost everyone whom i have gifted these chocolates, would ask me the number of D Chocolatee... reasonable prices, high quality stuff... and simply yummilicious flavors... would definately recommend these to all and hope they carry on the good work.

##

