2017-11-06 15:42:49
Abhijit Pan
29012837
4.0
Visited during durga pujo... with tired legs I didn't except much as it was heavy rush time! Well, waited 15-20 minutes outside, and once we got our turn, didn't take any risk to try any special dish or to experiment... Straight to BIRIYANI !!  We had total 6/7 plates chicken+mutton biriyani and 2 other chicken dishes along with some butter rice. And believe me the package was pure blast! many resto fail to deliver their quality during festival time, but it surprised us. Thanks guys for good food.

##

2017-11-04 18:42:53
Trijita Thakurta
30385654
3.5
The place is situated right in the heart of Kolkata. We went there during puja so they had selected menu to serve. We had Kabuli pulao, Chicken Bagdhadhi and Firni. The food was good, different and the meat balls in the pulao were very soft. The ambience is also quite nice.

##

2017-10-20 16:11:24
Arkajyoti Chakraborty
1054052
4.5
This place is quite befitting in the area full of fabulous restaurants. Located just opposite of triangular park, the decor and ambience of the place is quite fantastic. Also what I like about the place is its size, its quite large and there's ample space for large or small groups. Coming to the food, we ordered Pastuni Kebab, which consists of two mutton rann pieces grilled to excellence. Then came Shirin Pulao(sweet) and Kabuli Pulao(spicy) along with Murgh Afghani Qorma and Raita. The Pulaos are so tasty that it doesn't require any side dish. The quantity is ample, 2 dishes can definitely be quite heavy for group of five. Also I found the place really pocket friendly as it doesn't charge GST as well. Overall a superb experience without burning a hole in the pocket. I would definitely recommend this place. Thumbs up

##

2017-10-16 01:04:59
Hrishikesh Barui
38299917
4.0
Well this place is conveniently located just near Triangular park..This place gives you an afghani feel once you starting browsing the Menu..we had the zaffrani kebab and Chupa rustam for our starters..both were really good..the zaffrani kebab was my 1st time try and the kebab really taste different than our usual kebabs and somewhat more elegant..the chupa rustom was also a delight..the concept of mixing chicken and mutton in 1 kebab like this is innovative and has blended quite well..The kabuli pulao was liltle differnt being decked with small soft balls of mutton along with regular garnishings...The Gosht Baghdadi was very spicy and it teams perfectly with any bread of your choice..the gravy which was pure mutton keema makes it an heavy delicacy and at the same time it was among the best mutton prepartions that i have had so far..Coming back to other aspects the staff is courteous and helpful..the restaurant is presently accepting only cash which i feel is a con of this place..In a nutshell Deraa is worth a visit to have some sumptous afghani tastebud experience..

##

2017-10-08 23:41:56
Paulami Dey
360201
2.5
[08.10.2017]
Sunday lunch. Interior had a nice decoration with carpet and photographs which were demonstrating the feel of the theme of Deraa.
First thing which we were informed of during the order placing was the absence of most of the mutton kebabs. We were a bit disappointed as we wanted to taste our favourite Gaulati kebab.
We had the following:
1. Fresh lime soda: good
2. Masala cold drink: it was just ok. Nothing special as such.
3. Badam-e-khaas: it was basically a milk based shake which was incorporated with cashew paste and rose water flavor. This one was again usual and having nothing special according to the price and the theme of the place.
In starter we had
4. Zaffrani kebab: The chicken pieces were moist and tasty. But to my surprise to the other reviews, the kebabs were not depicting the name of it which was 'zafran'. It may be possible that my day was not so good. Also the chicken pieces were over seasoned with salt. It was not justified to its price.
In the mains, we had
5. Yakhni pulao: With spices and small mutton shreds, this pulao was delicious. 
6. Gosht Banjara: mutton pieces were succulent and the gravy was tasty. But compared to the price, the quantity was very less.
7. Chicken Baghdadi: this chicken dish is somewhat different as its gravy was prepared with minced mutton. The gravy was tasty but the main component of the dish, chicken pieces were very hard. This was unfortunate. 
We also had
8. Cheese naan, garlic naan and Keema naan: Naans were good.

Just one point apart from the food: Deraa as in the management should maintain their washroom. The dining area was decorated with care and effort. The washroom should also demonstrate the same with hygiene.
~ with

##

2017-10-01 21:59:07
Esita Mitra
2411784
4.0
Pujo means food to every bengali...and I am no different.Deraa was on my list from a long time and I finally fulfilled it on Saptami.Though they were not serving biriyani due to time issues but I am not complaining tasting the rest of the delicacies.First and foremost this joint is all about food so do not go by the decor.It is a simple decor with a seating arrangement for 50 people.The restaurant is located right on the street just a few blocks before Hatari so we did not struggle much for the location.

The food is mind blowing and an explosion in your mouth.Our orders included

1.zaffrani kebab
2.Kandahari tandoor
3.kabuli polao mutton
4.naan - e- uzbeki
5.Gosht afghani korma
6.Banjara gosht

There are places which impress you and was the afghani korma with a white gravy and succulent juicy mutton pieces.Not being a fan of sweet naan i opted for the uzbeki naan which had butter naan sprinkled with nigella seeds.Team deraa-- you guys rock

##

2017-09-30 13:42:58
Rajatava Paria
29522208
3.5
Went there during the pujas.. had to wait for almost 1 hour.. when finally we entered the actual wait begun.. the food took a long long time to reach out tables.. we wanted to order mutton which was not there.. so ordered special chicken murg biriyani along with murg marhaba.. for starters we had zaffrani kebab.. the kebab was okay.. marhaba was good too.. with shredded chicken peices.. it was nice.. but I didn't like the biriyani.. oh and yes.. we ordered for one biriyani and they brought us two plates.. 
Lastly the firni was the best thing that we had.. 
I believe had it not been during the pujas we would have done a better job....may be!!

##

2017-09-29 10:20:38
Yudi
1349026
5.0
This is a fine little gem hidden amidst the streets of Gariahat. An Afgan cuisine food joint, the decor and ambience of the place truly reflects the cuisine it serves. Ordered their murg kebabs for entŕe and it was brilliantly cooked and extremely flavourful and delicious. Very rarely you get kebabs that are perfectly cooked with the right amount of flavours blending into your mouth and with one bite melts in. For main course we chose to go with the Kabuli pulao chicken and mutton and we weren't disappointed with our choice! Aromatic, flavorful and nicely cooked, the pulao was the show-stopper. For sides we ordered two different murg dishes, one with a medium spicy gravy and another with a sweet white gravy! I although personally liked the white gravy more, but both dishes were decently cooked. The best aspect of these dishes were that the murg never felt undercooked or overcooked, it was perfectly done. We went with the regular Phirni for dessert and it was decently made. We ordered Sherbet but due to its unavailability we had to stick to the usual soft drinks!

Overall a brilliant food joint that serves extremely good dishes and takes your taste buds for a ride in the Afgan terrain. Opening quite soon in Salt Lake, now North Kolkata too can enjoy their amazing food.

P.S. Pocket pinch is above average. Per person will be somewhat around 1k.

##

2017-09-26 23:12:49
Dona Roy
16774198
4.5
Though its a festival season but they have served excellent food with mouthauuttering taste. 
Fish kebab was superb
Will visit again to explore other dishes

##

