2017-12-01 21:31:50
Deepan Banerjee
263010
3.5
A take away food joint in Ecospace, this place sells sealed thalis of different combos. They have becone fairly popular these so decided to give it a try.

I had bought the chinese non veg combo. It had veg haka noodles, steamed chicked momo, chinese bhel, a fry kind of a starter(my best guess is baby corn fry) and a chicken in chinese gravy item.

 The noodles and momo were good but the rest were just average at best with chilli being the strong dominant flavor. Chicken was of good quality but the gravy was below par. The momos had good filling inside. The chinese bhel was ok but that other fried starter was not that good. Well, you cannot have any thing crispy in the menu if you are serving it later.

Overall: I wouldn't mind paying 130 for that thali and a little tweak in the item selection could do the magic. Cordial staffs along with average food earns a 3.5 in my book. But can do much better.

##

2017-08-18 18:36:17
Devosmita Ghosh
39916136
3.5
Ecothali is an online lunch ordering service that we were tempted to try after a friend put on a good word for it and it fizzled out like a defective diwali 'anar'. Now we cannot let that dampen our spirits and my dismay notwithstanding, I will try to give the review as unbiased an air as one could possibly give. We ordered the non-veg thali and it came in an attractive packaging. Neatly packed in a box and heat sealed too. Its when the box was opened we were left with a sour lemon face and a growling stomach, like literally. They give everything that is listed in the menu and then some. The rice was finely cooked, the chappatis though small were soft and was made using a good quality flour. The dal was run-of-the-mill, the chicken stood out amongst all. The jeera aloo however was the rotten tomato in the sack! The aloo was undercooked and bland and since it was the only other side, could not be ignored at all. The main issue I found with ecothali is not the taste or quality though, it is the quantity that is unsatisfactory. The jeera aloo is too less, so is the dal, when it comes to the chicken both the pieces were of nice size and tenderly cooked but there was no curry to eat with the rice. Over all if you are looking forward to a scrumptious meal then I would advise against ordering from ecothali. However if you want to have a home cooked food experience and something that is light in the stomach and easy on the pocket, go for ecothali.

P.S.: Extra 1 rating is for the gulab jamun and the pickle that surprisingly tasted good.

P.P.S: The price of non-veg executive thali is 95 INR and not 80.

##

