2016-10-24 10:49:12
Prity Poddar - Veg Food And Reviews
957766
4.0
Oct 2016:

Sumptuous Diwali Platter Tasting @ Exotic Eats, Kolkata ☺

Exchange of Diwali specific sweets and savouries, and making of the same for home consumption during the 5 days Diwali Festival is quite common in many Hindu households, specially amongst the ones residing in or hailing from North India. 

With time, self cooking of Diwali delicacies, gave way to cooking by hired helps (read maharaj). Then came the trend of buying the packed 'chitris' (food platters) from reputed Marwari sweets & snacks shops. However, of late people no more relish eating only traditional wares during the festivals. Also, they are relatively more particular about the eatables' freshness. Resultantly, a whole mini army of home based food services, mostly run by homemakers with enough passion for cooking and kitchen experience has taken over this segment, and are doing quite well. They are innovative and quite dedicated in their approach.

Run by Mrs. Mridula Agarwal, Exotic Eats is one such home based service. For the year round, their prospective clients can choose from a wide list of their multicuisine menu. But, for the upcoming Diwali festival, they have designed a fix menu comprising of 4 savouries and 2 desserts. 

Recently, they sent me a sumptuous Diwali Platter consisting of - 

1. Spinach Corn Buns: Medium sized buns were scooped from the centre and filled with spinach and corn infused thick white sauce, and topped with some cheese, an olive roundel, a couple of coriander leaves and some ketchup. They were well buttered from all sides. 

Before serving, I just heated them for a minute in the microwave oven.

2. Hare Bhare Kebabs: These pea based kebabs were 'tikiya' (flattened ball) shaped and came with a small bowl of dip and some onion roundels.

Before serving, I cooked them on the non stick tawa with some additional cooking oil.

3. Mexican Rolls: Corn flour (makai ka atta) based rolled crepes were filled with a slight spicy kidney beans mixture, well infused with colored bell peppers slivers. Lettuce leaves were left protruding out from one open end for visual appeal.

Before serving, I just heated them for a minute in the microwave oven.

4. Shell Pasta: Mixed sauce shell pastas, topped with enough cheese, some greens and one cherry tomato were plated in boat shaped plastic cups.

Before serving, I grilled them in the microwave oven for approximately 3-4 minutes.

5. Chocolate Monte Carlo Cups: Small square plastic cups were filled with alternate layers of cake crumble and chocolate cream. Each cup was topped with a circular piece of hand made chocolate and a dollop of cream.

I refrigerated them to chill a bit.

6. Boondi Rabdi Cups: Small circular bowls were layered with boondi and rabdi respectively, and topped with saffron infused water and pista slivers.

I refrigerated them to chill a bit.

All the items were fresh and well cooked. Buns and Kebabs were excellent. Pasta was average. Dessert cups were quite rich in composition, and tasted very nice. Rolls were also nice.

It needs mentioning that the platter was packaged in an environment friendly fashion. All the items were placed upon a paper lined cane tray. The tray was wrapped with a cellophane paper and a bold and attractive leaf arrangement was fixated at it's bottom left.

This Diwali Platter is available in three variations -

4 PC Platter: Rs. 1,250/-
5 PC Platter: Rs. 1,750/-
6 PC Platter: Rs. 2,250/-

##

2016-07-23 15:31:58
Rajesh Agarwal
35313200
5.0
They truly prepare exotic stuff with excellent personal touch and care ... I would say TLC ... And any food prepared with it is always good ... They have excellent Thai Italian Mongolian main course and varieties of starters of many types ....

##

