2017-05-20 17:08:25
Srijon Bardhan
486675
4.0
Food: 5/5
Service: 3/5
Ambience: 3/5
This is no restaurant but a humble food truck right opposite Ambuja Residency Udita's gate near Ajay Nagar. Although the place looks like a small roadside joint serving food on plastic tables and chairs put outside, the taste of each and every dish here is amazing. Being a foodie I was really surprised when I visited the place for the first by the quality of food that they serve. Pick anything from the menu and they will make it amazing. This is typically an evening place and can turn into a perfect date and dinner venue if you visit them on windy or rainy evenings. I have seen the place since it's birth and the owner is really well-behaved and humble person with pleasing manners. The fact that he puts customers first and above everything and always take review on each food that they serve is something to be appreciated. They also make dishes with minor changes if you suggest them what you are looking for. Dining outside here may turn irritating during hot summer nights as mosquitos will also be having a feast on you while you chomp on your food. The service is a tad bit slow but they try their best to manage it. This is refreshing if you are looking for some place different for a change. Do try the fried as well as pan fried momo and ask them for two different dips (the spice and the sweet one). If directed they will make the pan fried momo really dry and crispy if you enjoy it that way. Also try their mughlai which is really amazing with thick stuffing. If you are looking for a meal try their hakka chowmein or gravy chowmein which unlike other places they really make amazingly. On the side taste their Kung pao chicken served with cashew nuts. Pictures of these suggestions are posted along with this review. Kindly show them if you are planning to have these exactly the way they look.

##

2017-03-02 13:31:53
Hyangla_bibi
30666101
3.5
Situated just oppositie to the Udita Complex at ajoynagar. There kitchen is a good truck basically,and few chair & tables are arranged to sit and enjoy ur food. 
We ordered chicken lollipop,fried rice and kung pao chicken fr our dinner there. The staffs are very helpful and courteous. 😄 
The food was served within 10mints. The lollipop had 6pieces, and it was just yummy..😋 well coated with spicy sos, served with some gravy along with it..🤗

The portion of rice of 1 plate was more than enough for 2 of us..it was good,with lots of vegetables in it. But the rice was a bit hard.. that's the only disappointment. 😐

The kung pao chicken was again a yummy one..lots of chkn chunks,in spicy gravy with three kind of bell papers & lots of cashews..😄 It accompanied well with the rice. 

So overall spicy good food at a resonable price,so I wl be visiting this place soon . 😄

##

2016-09-01 02:45:19
Rounak Chatterjee
9558051
4.0
Well this place opened up a few months back , so thought should try it out, tried the tandoori item but it's more of a barbeque as they use a bbq grill. And went back a few days later with my Frnds and hogged again. Best part is it's cheaper than the others around and they cleaned up the area opposite of udita apts gate. Thanx a ton for doing that. 
Anybody coming to our unofficial food street in ajoynagar should try this. You wont be dissapointed.

##

2016-08-11 19:39:48
Joy Dutta
1586459
4.0
Good food and the owner and the staff are very courteous. I tried drumstick sauteed. it tasted good. yesterday it was a rainy late evening. just asked for good starter and he suggested this...
Great going.. will try other items

##

