2017-05-07 22:27:56
Debashis Mukherjee
30839972
4.5
My wife and I visited Pride Hotel for the first time today with the intention of having dinner. We first walked in to the cafeteria on the ground floor which had a buffet dinner but did not offer a la carte menu. So we landed up at the Fuel Restro Bar and had a decent dinner. 

We shared a manchow soup and then had a risotto and chicken steak. We liked the food and I would specially recommend their 'Valentine chicken steak'. 

The ambience, seating arrangements and service were good. Our bill came to Rs 1638.

##

2017-04-01 01:27:12
Debojyoti Majumdar
38782389
3.5
The ambience is great. I was here for a party and I found the fish paturi and baked rasogolla great along with the starters. It is above economical but worth visiting if you are looking for something different.

##

2017-03-28 16:31:13
Arindam Ghosh
7711041
4.0
Like I said about Café Treat, the ambience and hospitality is way more impressive than the kind of food it serves. The quality and variety needs a noticeable improvement. However, this place appeals me because of its ambience. The pictures of this place posted by others and my rating do speak for itself.

##

2017-02-25 14:09:22
Jasmin Das
33559419
3.5
Good place. Ambience is food. Close and comfortable place for people to hang out and have fun. Staff cordial and courteous.  Tried virgin mojito ( skip ),  paradise island, Shirley temple ( good find!),  screw driver ( skip - orange juice with rum).  Prices are decent. We had starters along with drinks. Fish fried, chicken Tikka tandoor,  panner Tikka, baby corn. Fish fried was fish nuggets only,  chicken Tikka good,  baby corn was bland and so hard. Difficult to chew. The only sauces available was mayonnaise and green     coriandar chutney. Could have added a variety of sauces to bring in a more better taste.

##

2017-01-19 09:26:39
Vijaymishra
27871415
4.0
Bought a coupon from near buy which included three drinks 2 starters and a foot massage 
The place was good ambience was nice 
We had cheese balls and American corn along with our drinks 
If you are looking for some quite time and want to enjoy ur drink over some chit chat with ur friend this is the place to be .There was hardly any crowd which was surprising as Everything was so good about this place 
Had a great time 👍😊

##

2016-12-07 01:44:40
Tanmoy Saadhak Chakroborty
27303325
3.5
Nice place.nice ambience.i dnt like crowded place..so I like ds place.its in 6 th floor of pride plaza hotel.parking available.opposite of novotel.

##

2016-09-03 02:36:02
Koninika De
1612850
3.5
A Thinquisive bloggers meet at The Pride Hotels. A big thank to Aishwarya, Vaibhav and Ishita. Fuel is a Resto Bar Lounge which serves finest Indian and imported liquors,wine and cocktail which positively lift the spirits of connoissers along with scrumptious choice.

Location : The sixth-floor lounge bar at the Pride Hotel is easy to locate. The Pride Hotel is just in and around Axis Mall in Rajarhat.

Decor and Ambience : A snug and plush ambience enhanced by a splendid theme decor. Fuel is a quiet speck of serious bar space, with bar tables and group seating set up. The mood and the dim lighting help to chill after a long day’s work.

Staff : The staffs are talented with their concotion ability creating magic potions. The staff is extremely cooperative and amicable. But a wider knowledge of the staff support is much needed although all of them are talented.

Food and Beverages :

Beverages -

Cocktails:

1. TROPICAL ISLAND - A tropical mix of bacardi and juices (orange, pineapple, lime, and cranberry) served in hurricane glass will transport you to the islands at first sip.

2. GREEK SEX - Hawaiian pineapple juice  is a quintessential marry with vodka and whipped cream as crown . The typical predominance of blue curacao is convincing. Also served in hurricane glasses.
                                ...

##

2016-08-19 05:07:07
Dipyaman Basu (whenstomachtickles)
627356
3.5
Bloggers meet at Fuel Resto Bar- The Pride Hotels, Courtesy: Thinkquisitive..!

Located in the business hub of Rajarhat, this is one place which needs no introduction. A lavish and high style hotel, with all modern facilities and amenity, this place is mostly preferred by the business traveled for the high range of comforts, Away from the hustle and bustle of modern life, this place offers recluse at a serene ambiance with all modern facilities. Serves mostly for weddings, functions and other celebrations, their banquet always remains booked throughout the year. Finding this place is super easy, as it is easily seen from the road. What’s difficult is finding the bar itself, as it has to be approached throw series of small narrow lanes. The bar itself is spacious and is equipped with luxurious sofas, to cater to your comfort. The dim lightning gives the perfect intoxicating ambiance and lets you enjoy the moment with a sip of their carefully carved out drinks.

A brief foodtasting session, along with various other mocktails and cocktails were arranged for team #panchphoron, in association with team #thinkquisitive. Once we reached the place, we were served with an array of drinks to quench our tastebuds and to enjoy the moment. The presentation of all these drinks was quite eye-catchy, and impressed us, with the very first looks. To start with, following were the list of all the items, including the drinks, which were offered to us, out of a set and predefined menu card.

Cocktails:

1) Tropical Island: A tropical mix of juices (orange, pineapple, lime, and cranberry, this one had Bacardi and grenadine syrup to go with it. Garnished with sweet lime and served in a hurricane glass.

2) Greek Sex: Fresh pineapple juice and freshly whipped cream mixed with blue curacao, vodka and crushed ice. Topped and garnished with pineapple leaves.

3) Grapefruit Mojito:  Chunks of grapes, mixed with some white sugar, Bacardi, tossed in some fresh lime juice and some fresh mint leaves. The mixture is then blended together with crushed ice, topped with soda and garnished with sliced lime.

4) Silver Monk:  Made out of tequila, fresh lime juice, sugar syrup, ice cubes and pinch of salt, this one is garnished with sliced cucumber.

Mocktails: 

5) Sparkling Sunrise: Made out of orange juice, orange grenadine syrup, soda, crushed ice and lemon juice, this one is garnished with fresh orange juice.

6) Hawaiian Khaas: Made out of Khaas Syrup, Lemon Juice, Sugar Syrup and crushed ice, this one is garnished with lemon twist. 

7) Pomegranate Cherry Revolution: Made out of muddled cheery, a spoon of honey, lemon juice, rock ice, pinch of black salt and pomegranate juice, this one is garnished with sliced orange.

8) Blasson Ice: This one is made out of Gandhoraaj Lemon, Fresh Strawberry, Lemon, Juice, Crushed Ice, and Strawberry Syrup and garnished with some Mint spring.

9) Pride Special Punch: This one is made out of Vanilla Ice Cream with Chocolate Syrup, Milk, Sugar Syrup and Fresh Cream and garnished with Chocolate Flakes.

NON VEG

10) Green Chilly Chicken: Diced chicken tossed with spicy coriander sauce             .     

11) Abu Chilly Kebab: Spicy green chilly mixture marinated chicken cooked in clay oven.

12) Mongolian Fish Ball: Fish dumpling tossed in Mongolian style.

13) Cha Chu Akai: Garlic flavored crispy fried chicken stripes.

VEG

14) Roasted Chilly Paneer:  Marinated Paneer cooked in clay oven and tossed with chili sauce.

15) Gandhoraj Paneer Satay: Gandhoraj flavored Cottage cheese cooked on griller.

16) Buddha’s Delight: Veg dumpling tossed in chef Special sauce.

17) Gilheri Tawa Galouti: Soft mouth melt veg mixture griddle on tawa.

Although the food was mostly okay, the drinks, apart from a couple, felt short of our expectations. The pricing here is quite affordable compared to the location and ambiance, and somehow I felt that this place is way underrated. There is a separate open section, a bit away from this bar, where one can sit under the open sky and take a fag, whenever necessary in between the drinks. The service was up to the mark, and made us felt welcomed to this place. The management was cooperative, but the place needs to have a complete overhaul, atleast in terms of the popularity and also needs to bring in new faces to uplift their drinks section. 

#fuelrestobar #pridehotel #rajarhat #drinks #mocktail #cocktail #thinkquisitive #panchphoron
                                ...

##

2016-07-24 11:44:37
Princy
1246639
5.0
Whenever i went to this place, it is always empty. I mean harldy any customers. I always found myself there alonei, not sure why? The place is so quite and so less Humans, and it attracts me more and i do go to this place just for this reason. Food to drinks no complaints. i love the cocktails and i just love being me alone out here..Awesome..Less crowds, means less mean humans around..

##

