2015-09-14 11:47:39
Sonam
27912607
5.0
A very innovative concept.. Gourmet plate can be your culinary bestie! 
Beautifully packed boxes with neat ingredients carefully labelled and a well explained recipe chart.. Perfect for Sumone who loves to cook without the hassle of sourcing the raw materials 😝
I have been wanting to try their platters since long.. Finally I was gifted an attractive combo of Mexican rice and quesadillas.. 
I must say it was an Instant treat to the eyes and a delicious treat to the taste buds 😊
Very well organised and handy, it can make your cooking experience exciting interesting and easy! 
Now you can claim to be an exotic chef with the gourmet plate 👍

##

2015-09-05 19:48:41
Moulishree Dhoot
827084
5.0
A unique concept introduced by two creative ladies in Kolkata.No need to worry anymore  about your food losing taste due to time lapse after you do a takeaway or home delivery  from an outlet.Gourmet Plate is the answer to get restaurant style food in the comfort of your own home in the form of meal kits.They have their own tried and tested recipes which are absolutely bang on!For those who are always pressed for time and yet love to make their own meal..Gourmet Plate is a one stop solution.
They have dishes ranging from 250 to 450 which is sufficient for 2 people.Once you order before 3pm they get delivered on the same day in neat carton boxes with labelled ingredients. Gourmet Plate is a good idea to have a cookout planned with a few friends or it is great if you want to learn how to make a new dish hands on with limited or no scope of error.It is a blessing to those who don't know where to source exotic ingredients like maybe a fresh sprig of rosemary or don't want to spend a fortune to buy a huge slab of parmesan maybe when the dish requires only 100 gms.
The best part is they deliver the pre prepped chopped portioned ingredients with step by step pictorial instructions which make the whole process so much more fun.
Ordered their pumpkin risotto and Lebanese felafal wrap and now want to sample their much talked about Mexican rice and Ranch Mayo Burger. Their other dishes worth a try are mushroom cappuccino. .corn fritters..spaghetti aglio lio .
I wish they had Indian also and could limit their pricing per kit to Rs 300 .
Looks like they will bring in a new trend of replacing your visits to restaurants by making the restaurant visit you at home.

##

