2016-11-11 18:25:33
Akash
29069086
2.5
There are few popular joint are there in Kolkata, which are the paradise for the Chinese food lover. They why we tried this less popular, so called unknown restaurant? Yes, the ans is for 'Tofu'. What is Tofu, let explore it.

Located at Mirza Ghalib Street,. Location is easy to find, Take the Lindsay Street, it will reach you to the New Market Fire Station. Take a right turn and walk couple of steps towards Park Street and you will find this restaurant at the right foot.

The Restaurant is small in size, can hold 20 people max at a time. Service is Quick. Basic table chair decoration, nothing fancy about it.

Now lets come to the food. We ordered Veg Chow Mein and Chilly Tofu.

Veg Chow Mein – Well cooked, oily in nature and less amount of veggies were mixed with it. Quantity is moderate for two persons, depend on how much you want to eat. Overall nothing special, which was not expected from a proper Chinese restaurant.

Chilly Tofu – Now lets do some detail work about Tofu. Tofu is mainly bean curd, is a food made by coagulating soy milk(From Soybeans) and then pressing the resulting curds into soft white blocks. It looks like very much similar with Paneer. My friend tell me about it so was curious about it. 8 pieces of large size Tofu are there in one plate. Well cooked with onion and capsicum. But the gravy was so lite,. After having it, don’t know why  the satisfaction didn’t come. Overall OK type.

the price of each item is budget friendly. So in conclusion, I can easily tell that the restaurant is good for casual dining. It will be better for you if you don't expect high or anything special from it.

##

2016-05-18 16:11:03
Oishik Sarkar
3119605
2.0
Hong Kong Chinese Restaurant didn't get much attention neither it is very highly rated. But this is one of very few Chinese restaurants in Kolkata serving "Tofu". What is Tofu? Lets find out!

Location : Hong Kong Chinese Restaurant is located on Mirza Ghalib Street. Its straight from park street metro then take left turn to Mirza Ghalib St. & you probably have found it.

Decoration : The restaurant is very simple with no decorations. Two cabins are inside, both the floors are non AC. They have large space to hold a number of people but the restaurant is found to be empty most of the time. Basic sittings & basic fluorescent white lights makes nothing special. The kitchen is just beside & you can see it by sitting on the front table. There's some old school look present there but all are clean & well maintained.

Staffs & Management : As less the customers less the staffs are. The restaurant is run by a Indo Chinese family but chefs are Indian. So authenticity of Chinese food is already gone. Only one staff were there to take & serve us. Fortunately he served us in few minutes. They welcomed us with cold water too.

Foods : Enjoying tofu with chopsticks is such a pleasure. We gone for total veg items this time. Our order was the following...

Vegetable Chow Mein : In the first glance the quantity of the noodles looked very less. Thick long noodles were there. The noodles were very oily, not well cooked & spice less. It tasted kind of incomplete & felt really bad in mouth. Vegetables were nicely sliced but its excessive rich oily taste was killing other tastes. It didn't even combined well with the gravy of Chili Tofu.

Chili Tofu : Tofu is made of Soybeans by soaking it into the water then extracting milk from it. Coagulating soy milk is pressed hard & made curd of it. Then its cut to soft white blocks like paneer. It looks exactly like paneer but tasted totally different than that. Over here they served only 9 pieces of Tofu in a plate. They were lightly fried & mixed with the gravy well. It was very very soft & watery from inside. It was with green & yellow capsicums, onions, green chilies & garlic. Due to excessive use of soya sauce in the gravy it tasted very bad. It hurts our expectation & probably can hurt yours too. The gravy felt rich with lots of spices but taste was bitter. It didn't matched well with other dishes too.

Pricing : At the first glance on menu card the pricing may seem very common & reasonable. But compared with its quality & quantity the pricing isn't so fair. Worst part was they provided us a bill with Vat No. That means we paid 14.5% tax on our total bill where no 5% service tax was present. I didn't understood those mathematics well but what I understood was this is the first non AC restaurant where I paid vat on total bill. Incredible India.

Conclusion : There is a lot of restaurants in Mirza Ghalib Street to choose from. If you are not in a plan to give treat to your rival office colic or some irritating friends whom you wanna get rid off, then you shouldn't probably visit this restaurant. Respect your pocket & choose others from the list.

##

2015-12-26 22:29:47
Tanvir Hasan
14776651
2.5
This restaurant is located on Mirza Ghalib Street.It is an old restaurant in that area.I have visited this place along with my friends on Xmas day.We have tried Chicken wanton soup with noodles.It is satisfactory in taste.Chicken noodle is not at all tasty, it was served without salt and noodle is not perfectly cooked.Fried chicken wanton is enjoyable. Ambience is okay and prices are reasonable.All the dishes mentioned in menu is not available.

##

2015-06-25 03:28:59
Gurria
29890118
5.0
not much ppl know about this place.. u wont get much rush here even in lunch hours.. but my dear frndz this place is a wonder... 
they serves the best chicken wontons i have ever had.. try the hongkong soup its sooo filling..  and the next best thing here is the fish steak.. i surely visit soon

##

2015-04-30 15:22:10
Stefan Flod
27239473
4.5
Amazing authentic Chinese food. Ask Mike to cook the food in the traditional Chinese way with authentic Chinese flavours and that is what you get. Sichuan chicken is a must try. This place reminded me deeply about when I lived and worked in china. :)

##

2014-12-01 13:05:56
Roshni
1246686
2.5
Me and my partner are big fans of authentic tastes in oriental cuisine.. and i did not blink when he mentioned going to this restaurant last friday. Decent place, nothing over the top. We kept our order simple : special soup, special noodles, chicken mapao tofu.Quantity was good, prices dont hurt much. But if  you are looking for authenticity in terms of flavour, this place will not thrill you. The owners were Chineese but the chefs weren't so and were not taught to deliver authentic flavours either. So, it did not please us much. Everything ws just okay-ish and that's it.

##

2014-10-06 23:38:08
Sourav Dutta
8629711
4.0
Atleast at the time of puja the food tastes good..starter was good.. Try there noodles instead of rice.

##

2014-05-31 15:51:13
Aman Dagman
1218931
1.5
Horrible food. It used to be better a few years ago. But now the food simply does not taste good.

##

2014-04-13 20:13:18
Anthony D'costa
176226
1.0
This was a restaurant I along with my family used to visit ever month..... The quality of food has deteorated and the warmth there is missing.. have some of my best memories there but sadly it has degraded that I swore never to return

##

