2018-01-10 17:14:41
Ayan Das
29535465
3.5
গত 24সে ডিসেম্বর এ আমি আমার স্ত্রী ও মেয়েকে নিয়ে এইখানে গিয়েছিলাম। নিউ মার্কেট চত্বরের পিছনের রাস্তা তে গিয়ে হোটেলের বোর্ড চোখে পড়লো। ভিতরে ঢুকে দেখি এইদিকে ঐদিকে টয়লেট আর তার মাঝে ওপরে ওঠার সিঁড়ি। তলাটা বেশ নোংরাই। ওপরে উঠে দেখি ভারী ভিড়। জায়গা প্রায় নেই। একটা AC ঘর আছে ফাঁকা, তাও আমরা একটু অপেক্ষা করে 3টে বসার জায়গা জোগাড় করে ফেললাম। ভিড়ের জন্যই হবে, টেবিল অতটা পরিস্কার নয়, যে মুছছিলো তাকে বলে কয়ে আরেকবার মোছালাম। আমার আর আমার স্ত্রীর জন্য দু জায়গায় ভাত নিলাম আর মেয়ের জন্য আলুভাজা। চালের কোয়ালিটি খুব ভালো না, চলে যায়। ভাত এলো স্টিল এর থালায় কলাপাতার ওপরে আর পাশে নুন, লেবু। আর নিলাম 2 বাটি মুগ ডাল, এক বাটি আলু ফুলকপির পোস্ত, 2 টো পোস্তর বড়া, পাঁঠার মাংস (৪ টুকরো থাকে), একটা বেশ বড় সাইজের চিংড়ির মালাইকারি, 1টা রুই পোস্ত আর  আমের চাটনি ব্যাস।।
এর মধ্যে সবথেকে ভাল খেয়েছিলাম ডাল, পোস্তর বড়া আর ফুলকপির পোস্ত। চাটনিও ভালো লেগেছিল। বাকি খাবার কেন জানিনা ভালো লাগলো না।। আসলে সেগুলো বেশ ঠাণ্ডাও ছিল। তার জন্যেই মুখে ঠিক রোচেনি, পাঁঠার মাংসের টুকরো তো বেশ ছোট সাইজের।। তবে রুই মাছএর স্বাদ ছিল বেশ, গরম থাকলে জমে যেত। 
খাবার পরে হাত ধুয়ে বিল দিতে গেলাম। যে খাবার দিলো সে এসে প্রায় দুরন্ত গতিতে গরগড়িয়ে সব বলে গেল আর হিসেব হয়ে গেল। সে এক দেখার মতন জিনিস।
পাইস হোটেলের মতন ই পরিবেশ, তবে যা খদ্দের হয় টয়লেট এর দিকে হোটেলের মালিক দের একটু বেশি করে নজর দেওয়া উচিত, কারণ ওনাদের হোটেল বেশ নামকরা ও অনেক পুরনো।বাকি চলে যায়। যেতেই পারেন একবার চেখে দেখতে।।
খাবার দাম ও দিলাম
কলাপাতা, মাটির ভাঁড় আর লেবু- 6টাকা
সরু চালের ভাত- 22 টাকা
মুগডাল স্পেশাল-12 টাকা
ফুলকপি পোস্ত- 25টাকা
গলদা চিংড়ি- 210 টাকা
রুই পোস্ত-40টাকা
পাঁঠার মাংস- মনে হয় প্রায় 90টাকা
চাটনি- 15টাকা
পোস্তর বড়া ভুলে গেছি দাম
আলুভাজা-12 টাকা

##

2018-01-05 16:08:47
Avijit
34740991
4.5
After 4 yrs visited this place for lunch with 1 of my office colleague. It is situated just 2 min walking distance from KMC head quarter in esplanade. Ordered rice, special dal, posto bora, parse mach, mutton and aam chatney. Each item was served hot and taste was fabulous. Total pocket pinch was only Rs 295. Friends really its a gem. And trully speaking friends believe me its better than all popular bengali restaurant that are there in kolkata. Please do visit ...

##

2018-01-04 20:18:00
Puja Deb
256478
4.5
I truly found a gem thanx to Zomato.. almost 100yrs old, Hotel Sidheswari ashram is still ruling the stomach and heart of people. Some are regular there and some like me are one time customers who want to taste this world where you eat to your heart's content and still dont pay much. One needs to share the table with strangers but its perfectly okay as long as the place is clean and food is great. We ordered bhat,special dal,alu bhaja,postor bora,muri ghonto, bhapa katla, sorse bhetki, aamer chatni. Food is marvellous specially the postor bora and the fish items. Service is very friendly and we got true appayan from the staff. Bill was around 350rs for two. Really satisfied with the meal.

##

2017-12-14 17:01:53
Alisha Seddon
29185947
4.0
Hotel Sidheshwari Ashram may sound very old fashioned but the food served here is absolutely mouth-watering. An old restaurant in Kolkata, which serves delicious Bengali Cuisine. I would not ever known about this place until the day food was ordered to my workplace for an occasion. 

This restaurant offers awesome Bengali food and I ended up eating a lot for my lunch. All the fish items were full of flavours and so was the mutton curry. A complete meal with Dal, Rice, Aloo Bhaja, Fish and Mutton. The fish and mutton were soft and tender. The food was mind-boggling with its unique taste and quality.

Would definitely try their food again! A must visit place if you are looking for authentic Bengali cuisine with home-like taste.

##

2017-11-24 12:22:00
Anirban Halder
122104
4.0
Love on a banana leaf!

In the age of fancy Bengali cuisine restaurants, some of the old pice hotels of Kolkata still serve good, traditional meals minus any frills at honest prices in a humble environment. Pice hotel essentially means an eatery of Bengali food that charges for everything other than water and salt, including a non-food item like banana leaf or bhnaar (earthen cup).

Had read a lot about Hotel Sidheshwari Ashram. So, visited this 92-year old popular pice hotel on a recent Saturday for lunch with colleagues. What I felt is encapsulated in the opening line.

We ordered fine rice, thick dal (they have basic versions of both), jhuri alubhaja (fried potato slivers) and Rui Kawsha (Rohu fish curry in thick gravy) for all. We also ordered Mocha Chingdi (dry banana flower preparation with prawns) and chutney which we shared. The portion size was good, particularly the alubhaja and mocha were enough for two. The food was finger-licking good and some items were surprisingly cheap! The common order cost Rs 91 each approximately. They have started a small AC section (seating 10 people) for sophisticated customers for which 20% extra is charged on the bill and that's pretty fair.

I have to go back there to explore more.

##

2017-11-16 12:59:21
Subhapratim Bose
1762093
4.0
Have been here on a Saturday and yes this place serves lip smacking food. They give you an option of serving the food in plantain leaves or on the plate. Tried mota chaaler bhaat, pui shaag, mutton and aamer chatni. All of them were delicious and abundant in quantity. The price is reasonable and all of them costed me 140 rupees. 
It is difficult to locate this hotel within the spice stores in Janbazaar but once you locate the hoarding, you have found a gem.

##

2017-10-27 12:52:14
Mahendra Das
1993636
5.0
Authentic Bengali food has few destinations better than this place. This is exactly what they call a BANGALI HINDU HOTEL. The quality of the food served is tasty and the people working are polite. The cost is reasonable and the ambience is sober.

Much recommended eating joint.

##

2017-10-17 15:31:53
Sandip Ghose
1859566
4.0
Much heard of - quintessential Pice Hotel of #Kolkata. Now, they have added 2 AC Cabins on the terrace. Excellent quality of fish. Best part is service in Plantain (Banana) leaves on steel plates and earthen cups (kulhars or bhaand) for glasses (Bottled Mineral Water available). The quality of the Galda Chingri (Baby Lobster) was excellent and so was the chara-pona (baby Rohu). Mutton was standard. The Hilsa (end of season) was just about ok. The Pui Shaak with fish head was delicious. Finally, the sweet and sour green Mango Chutney was exactly what the doctor ordered after such a lavish lunch. Definitely recommended for those fond of adventure.

##

2017-08-24 14:28:08
Ananya Roy
262448
5.0
Quintessential pice hotel experience! Lovely old building. Neat and tidy seating, with marble topped tables. Kind and helpful servers. Homely food. We had Shukto, Aloo Bhaja, Chholar Dal (with narkel, kishmish), Rui Jhol (with pepe, kanch kola, potol), Pabda Jhol (with begun), Chingri Malai Curry, Aam Chutney - everything was fresh and delicious! Have to go back for rest of the menu items.

##

2017-08-11 10:53:29
Indrajit Lahiri
542545
3.5
Being a bengali পেটুক, born in Kolkata, I have a certain mental blockage against eating bengali food at a restaurant. I always calculate mentally which fish costs what at the fish market and what price I am paying for it at the eatery. Solely, due to this reason, I prefer a Pice Hotel than a posh “authentic bengali restaurant” anyday.

Now, why its called a pice hotel ? As far as my knowledge goes, this concept started a few decades back, in the era where things were available in paisa and then a full meal here (the basic ones) were available at the cost of a few paisa. Hence, people used to call them paisa hotel- pais hotel- pice hotel. Don’t worry please, these are pretty cheap (commercially) and VFM hotels- even today…….

Please ensure to reach the place early, otherwise, their prized and best item, kobiraji jhol (the lesser spiced, vegetable heavy fish curry) tends to get over. Other items to be tried are mangsher jhol and machher kanta chorchori. Another prized item is katla bhape. It's cooked with curd and very very lightly spiced. 

Tips: Please don't miss the chutney here- it's a gem. And, there is an AC section as well as the old non-AC section. So, don;t worry.

##

2017-08-04 21:52:24
Dipankar Chakraborty
2010420
4.0
If you are looking for a pice hotel with finger licking taste you should visit the hotel.

Today afternoon me and my colleague has decided to go for lunch in any good pice hotel and we leave our home made food at office. With all the hope we find out the place, which is fortunately very nearer from our office. As we expect they didn't disappoint us with their food. We used google map to find its location and while entering the place we check the menu written in Bengali and in English and prices seems on the lower side. We directed to seat in a table and as per direction we have noted our table number (it's mostly common in pice hotel,as they keep track of your order by table number). 

The waiter guide us to select our items. We have ordered fine rice, special dal, alu bhaja, Muri Ghanto, Katla Posto, Mutton & banana leaf and earthen pot, as they will charge for banana leaf and earthen pot separately. 

Dal was awesome, it has NARKEL, KAJU & KISMIS. Alu bhaja was not justified and Katal posto is simply man of the match and the waiter guided us select it over other fish, hence special thanks to him. Mutton was perfectly cooked, pieces are soft and juicy. Honestly we somehow finish the meal but any one or two item is sufficient for lunch or dinner, but with out the knowledge we ordered all. 

They have a AC sitting place also which we discover later while paying the bill. Total bill was Rs.410/- only.

If you are looking for a authentic pice hotel you should try this hotel for sure. 

Fine Rice:02 
Special dal: 01
Alu bhaja:01
Muri Ghanta: 01  
Katal Posto:02
Mutton:02
Kala pata+matir bhar+lebu
Total:Rs.410/- only

##

2017-08-04 09:56:59
Binita Ghosh
8978311
4.5
Awesome. Just one word. Fast delivery. Clean packaging. And more over tastes just like home. Pocket friendly too. They designed their menu and cooking style keeping mind Bengali day to day cooking styles. :)

##

2017-08-01 15:15:39
Rajdeep Chakraborty
35736260
4.5
An authentic BANGALIANA hotel at new market area, specially for office people who want to hv their every day's lunch. Just go in this place, u guys dnt hv to search for any other.... seriously so pocket friendly tat u can't imagine... I hv just ordered rice, moong curry, alu bhaja & mutton... Guys really the mutton is fab.. time to foodies for grab their foods with a little bit of money....sorry I forgot to take pic....

##

2017-05-01 19:01:52
Debjani Chatterjee Alam
2529198
5.0
One fine morning while going to office I asked husband-man how about taking Pasta to a Pice Hotel; she needs to experience and cherish the real Mach-bhat er hotel after all and he started laughing. I didn’t even tell him the name of the hotel but he knew it that I was referring to Hotel Sidheswari Ashram. The flashback of our college days came back when he was in Jadavpur University and was battling with the architecture course and I was about to finish my masters’ in Rural Development at Kalyani university. That was the time when we just were friends; used to discuss our respective partners at that time and used to explore the area near New Market just as friends. Our lunch at that time was mandatorily at Hotel Sidheswari Ashram as that was what we could afford at that time with our limited pocket money and the types and amount of food (read mach- bhat and more served there). Somehow, destiny was laughing at us as at that time the story turned 360 degrees and we became the partners in every possible crime in life but the visit there at Hotel Sidheswari Ashram remain same. Coming back, to present day we didn’t discuss much that day but decided to take Pasta ( our daughter) to one of the famous Pice Hotel in Kolkata 4 days after that; and it happened to be Bengali New year that day. We were not sure whether she’s going to like the place or not, going to like to food or not but heredity has its role to play after all and we found the little lady enjoying everything there and we were relieved!
                                          ...

##

2017-04-09 15:42:20
ShankhaShuvra Misra
1158390
5.0
One of the hidden gems of classique Bengali Cuisine.  Almost a fable. Interestingly I had heard about this place from another of my beloved, Sanatan da, who sells soup omelette and bread n butter at Russell Street.  Santan da being the Johuree he is always pestered me asking if I had been there or not. So this Sunday afternoon I decided to give it a shot. First things first, direction : S N Banerjee Road Jan bazaar crossing, take left and walk for three minutes.  Next to a spice shop, with a narrow alley moving in. The magic starts when you climb up the marble stairs. 
Spic and  span marble top wodden tables with straight back chairs.  Like sex,  good earing is best enjoyed in the missionary position ( that is on straight back wodden chairs).  
This is a quintessential Bengali eating house, so one needs to know how the courses spread.  Very courteous staff, but meaning business.  There is almost a chant in the way they repeat orders.  My suggestion will be to stick to varieties of fish, to be eaten with "Fine Rice " ( The "fine" being actually a menu item). For the first course I ordered Shukto bhaja, Sona Moog Dal. The waiter,immediately making out that I am a first timer, served me with a Maccher Bora,  which is the best I have had, and that includes the gharana cuisines on both sides of the river.  The second course was on Chingri, again a classic Ghoti trait of favouring that over Ilish.  Vintage  Bengali gravy, with no misery on the size of the prawns.  Third course was about Jhal,and thus there was the Bhetki, midway between the ubiquitous Paturi and slightly aristocratic Jhal. Very fresh catch and piping hot, with the cilantro giving the excuisite aroma. 
By thus time I have already eaten thrice my capacity, so had to give it a go. But not before a generous dash of kancha  amer jal tok.   I ended with the earthen lactic aroma of Misty Doi.
And the total bill wasn't even 300. 
This place made me believe my muse Calcutta once more, and as I was coming out she whispered in my ears "There may not be a great living for everyone here, but trust me, there's a great life. For all"@

##

2016-08-27 01:14:06
Abantika Bose
2113716
4.0
This is a very popular place in New market area among the office goers. Nothing fancy this place is always crowded. They serve bhat, daal, different kinds of mach( oh the variety is good!), mangsho etc at a very very low price. And about the food? It's really good. This place is actually a hidden gem.

##

2016-08-20 13:53:11
Anirban Paul
35444964
2.0
Located in the free school street area, the entrance to this place seems like entering someone's home,literally.
Up u go the stairs n voila...it's another bhaater cabin sorta place.
Food is very very home-like, n not one bit of sophistication is there, n I say it as a compliment.
Macher jhol is quite tasty nevertheless.
Not much service thr, not that u expect in a place like this.go only if Ur too hungry n too broke....

##

