2016-08-07 22:00:31
Chatterjee SM(Chatujjebabu)
2135434
4.0
If you are looking for a place with an expectation of a plush and ultra sophisticated ambience, then there are so many options in the city, ready to welcome you with open hands. However, if you are comfortable with not so elegant, but vintage places of Kolkata, to spend some time over some drinks and tasty accompaniments, a visit to "Hotel Minerva" will not disappoint you, or rather, may please you with its delectable offerings.
Located right on Ganesh Chandra Avenue, near to "Chandni Chowk Metro Station" gate no. 6, this bar cum restaurant bears an ambience with very simple decor and does not look very swanky or elegant, but there is a vintage charm indeed which reminds you of the time, when the city used to be Calcutta, not Kolkata.
In fact, a check in during post office hour Will let you witness some loyal patrons walking in to grab their regular ration of booze along with some quick bites.
The service is nice and the service team is polite, well mannered and prompt in their duty.
The restaurant bears a good collection of delicious items of which "Tangri Kebab" is a must try. The moment you take a bite, the soft, succulent and juicy chicken will leave you utterly delighted with such beautiful notes pampering your taste buds. And off course, your visit will be incomplete if you don't try the "Minerva Special Cheese Chicken Kebab". Heavenly is the word that can describe such a taste.
Pocket pinch is a bit high, but the taste truely justifies that, to be honest.
A very nice place to spend some quality time over a few drinks and delicious bites.

##

2016-05-29 13:56:55
Jishnu Bhattacharya
11220
3.5
Intro : This is the bar cum restaurant of the hotel - Enter and you find a bustling bar cum restaurant with good chilled AC , decent interiors

Food : Just had a beer this time , they serve boiled chana , ginger and salt complimentary 
The best part is it's very pocket friendly - a lager beer bottle  for just 150/- !

Next time I would try there food - the staff were saying they make good starters 

Overall -3.5/5

##

