2017-07-24 16:40:37
Atul Agarwal
27874717
4.0
This place is overall good. Ambience is also great and service too is excellent. Food without any doubt is brilliant and worth the price too.

Food - 4
Price - 4
Service - 4
Ambience -4

##

2017-06-22 19:00:47
Irfan Khan
2867094
1.0
Please publish your menu card like others restaurants. It's very helpful and the customers can know what foods are you making. Hope to see the menu soon.

##

2017-03-31 12:16:49
Sananda
38796580
3.5
The place is easy to locate, close to the park circus crossing and nicely decorated. We ordered 2 non veg chinese thalis, which consisted of veg chowmein, veg rice, kimchi salad, veg spring roll/baby corn, chicken taipai/Schwann chicken, gulab jamun and cold drinks.
veg chowmein and veg rice were just average, the taipai chicken n schwann chicken were a bit salty, the corn was nice. The core of the gulab jamun was hard n it was difficult to chew even.
The thali price is 160.
The staffs were well behaved and cordial and changed the veg spring roll to baby corn, which definitely added a positive tint to our just average experience.

##

2017-03-06 16:32:17
Huma Naaz
430532
4.5
Last weekend i celebrated my birthday at their private area...it was a surprise party organised by my family...the food was awesome, ambience was nice,staffs are very friendly...we had a gala time out there...there Reshmi Kebabs were mouthwatering...must try Chicken Taipei..it was so yumm n spicy tht u just can't stop urself even ur appetite is full...A MUST TRY for all mughlai lovers!

##

2017-01-07 08:54:30
Tanwyee Ray
402819
4.0
A food tasting session at this new joint through panch phoron group.

It is located near park circus 7 point crossing at Shakespeare Sarani. It's basically a hotel with a spacious well decorated restaurant on the ground floor serving Indian cuisine.

The restaurant can accommodate around 40 people at a time with classy and soothing brightly lit interior. Large sofas and chairs make it more comfortable.

Now the food and drinks -

We were served a fixed menu with a no.of delicious dishes.

Drinks- In drinks, we were given fresh lime soda and cold drinks.

Starters -
1. Paneer Cheese Tikka - Well garnished plate of paneer tikkas tasted amazing. It was soft and well seasoned. A must try for all vegetarians.

2. Veg Spring Roll - Outer coating of the wrap was thin but could have been crispier . The filling of vegetables and noodles was yummy.

3. Moorgh lasooni Kebabs - Chicken pieces marinated with yoghurt, garlic and black peppers and well cooked. Succulent kebabs were served with salads and green mint chutneys.

4. Chicken tai pai - A traditional Taiwanese dish. Chicken chunks mixed with garlic, ginger, soy sauce and other herbs. It was little crunchy outside and tasted good.

Main course -
1. Assorted Indian breads - We were served naan, kulcha and tandoori roti. All of them tasted good and went well with the curries and dal served.

2. Peas Pulao with fried onions - White, whole and long rice grains with green peas and crispy fried onions was scrumptious specially with mutton.

3. Makhani Dal - A popular dish from Punjab. Whole black lentils and red kidney beans with butter and cream were cooked and tasted nice.

4. Veg Malai kofta - Koftas were soft and melted in the mouth. A thick, little salty and mildly spiced gravy was delectable.

5. Tandoori chicken butter masala - Chicken tandoori in butter masala gravy was average in taste. The spices of the gravy didn't seep into the chicken pieces making it bland.

6. Mutton Rogan Josh - This signature Kashmiri non vegetarian recipe is actually palate pleasing. The mutton was tender and well marinated with the blend of exotic spices. It went well with naan, kulcha and tandoori rotis.

Desserts -
1. Hot Gulab Jamun - Hot and soft Gulab Jamun was ambrosial though the sweet is on the higher side.

2. Shahi kulfi ice cream - This dessert is their speciality. The dense creamy kulfi with pistachio was served in scoops and had an amazing taste. It's a must try.

Overall it was a good experience. The staffs were courteous and service was good.

##

2017-01-02 11:20:00
Masroor
487155
4.5
Saw this newly opened restaurant on zomato, went there on 31st Dec. Since its new there weren't many people around. Nicely decorated. Food is good , staff friendly. We ordered murgh reshmi kebab which was pretty good. We also order butter naan , lachcha paratha and  murgh rimjhim masala. While eating rimjhim manager came and asked how is it? When we expressed little disappointment , he immediately changed it to other dish of our choice with no charges. Murgh reshmi butter masala was really good. We also got complimentary salad and gulab jamun. I think u guys just need to add little more to the menu, we don't have much to choose from the menu in the non-veg.

##

2016-12-26 20:31:38
Vinay Agarwal
301389
4.0
Hi friends next time you are near Park Circus Seven Point and you wanna have a good North Indian Meal then you must surely visit Ivory Restaurant. 
Their Panner Cheese Tikka is out of the world. The Panner Tikka just melts in your mouth and has a perfect coating of cheese. If you a Panner Tikka fan then must try the Panner Cheese Tikka, I am sure you are going to love it. We also tried the Veg Spring Roll which I felt needed to be more crisper. 
In Main course we tried the Malai kofta and to my surprise it was not very sweet there was a perfect balance of stuffing inside the kofta which was not sweet with the gravy which was sweet. I just loved it. The Dal Makhani was perfectly cooked and the desi butter on top added the flavour of an Indian Home cooked Black Dal. In Breads I loved the masala kulchas. And then comes the star the Peas Pulao with Fried Onions on top of it. When it came to the dining table due to its presentation it looked so tempting and believe me it was much tastier than what it looked. 
After having such a delicious meal we had two Desserts the Hot Gulab Jamun and the Shahi Kulfi Ice Cream. Both of the desserts were best in taste and presentation. If you are a Gulab Jamun fan then I can bet that when you eat them you will feel that you wanna have more. Fresh, Hot, soft, tasty and made with lots of love. It just melts in your mouth. Shahi Kulfi Ice cream as the name suggest tastes also Shahi it has a lot of nuts and in every bite you will get the flavour of a perfect Kulfi with lots of nuts. 
All Staff were friendly and ready to help you and recommend you food according to your taste and preferences. Overall it is a must visit to Ivory Restaurant.
            

Thanks #PanchPhoron for inviting me and giving me an opportunity to explore the North Indian Food at Ivory Restaurant.

##

2016-12-21 23:21:30
The Foodinista
31649667
4.5
It was an warm evening
Thanks to Panchphoron for the invitation.

This eatery is situated inside the Hotel Ivory. The area is very noticeable at the intersection of Shakespeare Sarani and Park Circus.

The feel of this spot is very much smoothing and soft. it is a straightforward eatery with old lay out with modern touch of excellence. Be that as it may, for the taste and nature of the nourishment they convey, you can barely make any grumble.

This eatery has been started giving great quality North Indian Dishes.

As I said, this eatery is basically serving North Indian dishes, Rice, Roti, Parantha, Butter Nan are likewise accessible here. You can likewise have veg arrangements like panner matar, panner spread masla, alu dum, dal makhani, chana Masala and so forth. Along these lines, you can have loads of varieties in non veg North Indian dishes. We had been served north Indian and as week as few Chinese dishes to provide the fusion touch in the menu for the day.

Along these lines, on the off chance that you are paying special mind to valid North Indian sustenance in Park Circus Area, Ivory is truly a decent decision for you.

Staffs were very courteous and service was good.The food was delicious starting from main course to desert. The price of food is also very reasonable.

For that day we had been served few selected dishes out of their kitchen culinary. Honestly said from the very First round of starter dishes which was initiated by Veg Spring Rolls and Paneer Cheese Tikka both were awesome in their own course. The quality of paneer was very awesome with perfect coating of cheese. Along with the great taste presentation was too upto the mark though Veg Spring Rolls properly supposed to be more crispy than it was in actual. After having these veggies in starter it was time for some non veg. The non veg journey started with lipsmacking Murg Lasooni Kabab. But still feel it supposed to be more tender and soft to provide the perfect touch along with garlic flavour !
Chicken Tai Pai has announced its presence by arriving very first in the Chinese line up.

Makhani Dal and Veg Malai kofta was awesome twosome in the very stating point of main course veg. So we felt not too waist my time in to this , rather let's celebrate the Journey.
Veg Malai kofta was beautifully prepare and presented i

Now it's time to set an strong impression with Mutton Rogan Josh and Fish Tomato Masala. Mutton pieces were so tender in feel and so yummy in taste that I could not resist myself from asking one more juicy piece of Red Meat. Fish tomato masala was not that much impressive to me. It was made by butter masala gravy and boneless vetky. After mutton and fish it was time to have some chicken. The entry of Tandoori Chicken Butter Masala was fav. But taste wise I found it not so impressive. The gravy could have been more properly infused into the Tandoori chickens. Nevertheless without gravy tandoori pieces were more tasty I guess. Among these​ heavyweights we often overlook the main rice dishes. But wow ! The Peas Pulao with Beresta on top was quite an amazing unexpected experience. Somehow it was the showstopper for me. Standalone dish. Probably nothing required in side dish. It was such a beauty itself. The temptation was truly satisfied by the peas Pulao. The aroma was mesmerising. We also have been served few assorted breads like kulcha, naan etc. Hardly we had left out with any space in our stomachs after having such wonderful dinner.

But still, we the Foodies always have an extra bladder to intake few extra pounds probably. And it certainly helped us to end the dinner with two lipsmacking deserts. Sahi Kulfi ice cream and Desi Ghee made Hot Gulab Jamun..Ummmm...Both were so exclusive at their own texture and taste that I really could not stopped myself from asking for two scoops of ice cream and two really Hot Gulab Jamun.

Highly Recommended !
Peas Pulao
Mutton Rogan Josh
Deserts
Would make me visit soon here !

Thanks Rajdeep Bhattacharjee for the invitation.

Rajdeep Bhattacharjee Vinay Agarwal Dipyaman Basu Saurabh Rana

##

2016-12-08 17:32:42
Saurabh Rana
109049
4.0
Ivory Restaurant - Great Restaurant serving Reasonably Priced Food
=====
Location & Intro: 

Ivory Restaurant is located at 80, Shakespeare Sarani, Near Seven Point Crossing, Park Circus Area, Kolkata. To be more precise, it is at the starting point of Shakespeare Sarani near Arsalan, Park Circus at the crossing.

This restaurant is located inside three star Ivory Hotel. The decor and ambiance is mesmerising to the eyes with soothing music setting up the mood right. 
=====
What i ordered: 

• Chicken Lasooni Kebab - It was lipsmacking. The presentation of this dish was excellent and so was the taste. It was served along with green chutney. ✌✌ ❤

• Chicken Tai Pai - The chicken tai pai is their speciality as chinese starter. It tasted good and was mild spicy.  ✌✌ ❤

• Cheese Paneer Tikka - It was also presented well. What i liked about this paneer tikka was that it was succulent.  ✌✌ ❤
=====
Meal for two: 400-800 approximate
=====
Pros: 

•  Food presentation is nice
•  Great ambiance
•  Reasonably priced
•  Decent hospitality 
•  Amazing food quality 
=====
Expert Suggestions: 

•  Need to advertise more in order to gain more customers. 
=====
Conclusion:

I really had a great experience here. The place is really nice especially for a group get together. They even have buffet spreads which shall be starting shortly. I shall be revisiting here again soon. ❤

=====
Unbiased review based on my visiting experience.
            

Food Tasting invitation: 
====
Location & Intro:

Ivory Restaurant is located at 80 Shakespeare Sarani, Ground Floor. To be more precise, it is located very near to Arsalan, Park Circus. I was invited here for a food tasting event along with a couple of other foodies here after my first visit. This place belongs to one of my family friend and he had been really courteous to call me again and serve us delicious delicacies. This place has got really good food items to offer at reasonable prices barring the fact that it is located inside a hotel and has to incur additional charges as well.

The ambiance of Ivory Restaurant is really nice and the staffs were quite courteous in extending their hospitality towards us. We were invited to try a couple of things and it was more like a fixed a la carte made specially for us so as to comment and review for the same. This place has even early morning buffet for the people who stay in the hotel and soon the management is planning to start off with their lunch buffet. They wanted to serve us Indian with just newly curated Chinese starters by their chef.

=====
What we had:

Welcome Drinks:

We had Coke and Lime Soda(Sweet/Salt) as welcome drinks. I took the coke and it was fine.

Starters:

• Veg Spring Roll – I liked it. It was just melting in the mouth. The coating could be more crispier to satiate the palate even more. Presentation was really nice.

• Paneer Cheese Tikka – Believe me or not, it was yum. Every Vegetarian should try this. The paneer was succulent and it was just melting in the mouth. It was presented really well and tasted great.

• Murgh Lasooni Kebab – My favorite here when it comes to chicken. The kebab had that Garlic touch to it and was quite juicy. However, it could have been much more tender. The flavour from the kebab was just right and it was tantalizing.

• Chicken Tai Pai – It was tasty, little crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. This dish was also presented really well. They can surely improve the presentation for this one.

Main Course:

• Makhani Dal – The dal was served with Makhan on top. It was looking drooling and it tasted fine. I liked it.

• Veg Malai Kofta – It was not sweet as usual koftas. It was mildly sweet and tasted really nice. It was presented with cream on top.

• Mutton Rogan Josh – I personally liked it. The mutton piece i had was quite tender and the gravy was melting in the mouth. It was served quite hot.

• Fish Tomato Masala – It was fish in butter masala gravy with tomatoes. It tasted amazingly nice and i would personally recommend it for fish lovers. It is purely boneless.

• Tandoori Chicken Butter Masala – I had higher expectations from this one. The gravy was nice but the masala had not seeped inside the chicken properly. I had already given the feedback to the management regarding it’s bland taste. I hope they improve on it and i think this would run really well.

• Peas Pulao with Fried Onions – Oh gosh. It looked so drooling. I was literally lipsmacking in the mind when i saw it and wanted it to be served asap on my plate. I had it with Daal, Chicken and Mutton and it went hand in hand with all of em.

• Assorted Breads – We were served Naan, Kulchas and Tandoori Roti. I took the tandoori roti and it was fine. However, when it got a little cold, it became stiff.

Dessert:

• Shahi Kulfi Ice Cream – It was super tasty. I am coming back again for this one.

• Hot Gulab Jamun – I have had gulab jamuns at many places but this one really won my heart. The gulab jamun was served in desi ghee and it was so tender and was melting in the mouth despite the hot smoke coming over. #nomnom #drooling

=====
Pros: 
• Fine dining restaurant

• Reasonably priced

• Staffs are courteous

• Service was quite fast

• Presentation as well as the taste of the dish are nice

Expert Suggestions:

• Needs to work on the advertisement.

====
Conclusion:

I hope to come back again in the near future especially for their lipsmacking desserts.

##

