2017-07-13 14:15:04
Rivika Jaiswal
38170777
4.0
Ordered their veg grilled sandwiche and a mix sauce pasta.. Sandwich was good pasta was also nice.. Also ordered their mix veg pizza and mix veg Maggie and corn cheese Maggie.. Pizza was fresh n good.. I liked it. Maggie had lots of cheese which was a plus point.. At the price they charge both the quality and the quantity was good. Delivery was quick. Peeyush Samdaria

##

2017-05-21 18:37:50
FoodieLicious
14071631
4.0
A blind and a risky hit from swiggy - JP Cafeteria. I was waiting to order from this place since I saw it on swiggy. Read the other two reviews (which was not so good & I am the 3rd reviewer I guess) AFTER orderering &...so cudnt cancel the order after that.
The delivery was super fast. I have never recieved any food so quick. Well, I have just finished my food from there.
ORDERED: PANEER TOMATO ONION PIZZA (6 inches-4 slices) : 70/- (after 10% swiggy discount)
& CHEESE BURGER: 44/- (after 10% swiggy discount)
The pizza was ofcoz not out of the world but to be very honest- IT WAS REALLY GOOD! it tasted fresh. the toppings were wholesome. Cheese was preetie much there. Size was also OKAY. The crust was thin yet supasoft. overall, I personally like my pizza's that way! @ 70/- I dont even expect much :)
CHEESE BURGER: well this was HUGE! I wasnt expecting it to be so wholesome, big & fully loaded with sweet corn kernels, cheese, mayo, and a big spicy patty with oregano & red chilli flakes to it. Overall the burger was quite a steal @ that price.
BUT i personally loved the pizza :)
Looking forward to try there other items...HOPE HOPE HOPE they turn out good. as of now: Its quite reasonable and the menu have varieties to try out. If u are hungry, don't want much of a pocket pinch... You can try it out :-)

##

2017-05-11 10:45:46
Prateeti Pradhan
3187492
2.0
This was just another wild try from Swiggy.Ordered for a tomato onion​ pizza,cold coffee and chocolate mousse.First when my order arrived the coffee was spilled over everything.Swiggy arranged for a re delivery and this time they has packed the food properly.Both the pizza and coffee​ were very basic.The chocolate mousse can never be called a mousse.Immensely sweet,artificial chocolate flavoured pudding is what I can describe it best.First and last try for this place.

##

2017-05-09 12:19:37
Mohit Kejriwal
30283038
2.5
Well, being the inaugural reviewer for a place might seem a matter of pride – but that is definitely not the case here – since this place hardly lives up to your expectations!

A newly opened G + 1 cafeteria - bang at the Phoolbagan crossing – with a kitchen at the ground floor and dine-in at the first. Initially, I was pretty glad that a fast food café has opened so nearby to my home – which serves Italian as well as desi snacks items – sandwiches to pasta, vada pav to maggi and a decent range of café mocktails! I foresaw this as my go-to place for evening cravings!

On a warm evening, I decided to cut the ribbon – and entered this place. Places is pretty small – with a couple of tables and can accommodate 5-6 people at max. I went for the commonest of the common items – the cold coffee with ice cream! This was served within a few minutes, but to my utmost dismay, was tasteless. I struggled to find any iota of vanilla ice cream in it and the coffee seemed more like pretty niggard quantity of milk powder mixed with loads of water and little quantum of sugar and coffee powder!

Prices are pretty reasonable and service fast – but food and taste pathetic - USP is pretty much missing! Hygiene – also, is a concern here!

May be they deserve another chance as they are pretty new and might require some time and experience to on-board and become smoothly operational! They really need to work much harder and change over a new leaf.

##

