2017-08-18 19:08:05
Supriyo Kundu
40440463
1.0
Very rude behaviour. Serves sweets, samosa, puri colded in ac. Very much hesitant to use micro wave. Openly refuses to use microwave & says they don't have profit to use that. Dada ekhane norom paker misti hard hoe thake. Dal puri r sigara sukie momy hoe jai. Gorom korte bolle insult korte chare na.

##

2017-08-05 20:08:50
Paramita Sarkar
39802066
4.0
Located beside sinthi Mio Amore this outlet is small and has no sitting arrangement.. They have limted amount of goodies and the goodies sell out quite fast.. I often buy different things from them and today i bought radhaballavi with alur dom.... Tasty.. Then there was doi bora with lots of doi and sweet chutney... It was very tasty.. The mishtis are also very fresh and tasty.. Though the kalakand was a bit too chana... Chana..tasting for my taste.

##

2017-07-10 20:57:55
Devopriya Pal Ghosh
43518640
1.0
The most useless sweet shop..most of the time they sale stale sweets and when complained will give lame excuses.. Yesterday we bought 10pieces of chocolate sandesh to gift one of our relative..today we came to know from our relative that all the sweets were stale and of the kid fell sick after eating that..we went to the shop just to hear 'amader kichu krar nei chanar misti kharap hoe jetei parey'.. the most shocking thing is today when we went to the shop the left over chocolate sandesh was still there which they demanded as fresh..

##

2017-02-12 10:56:55
Abhishek Pandey
191534
3.5
Jalajog Mishti has a decent presence in city as this city has quite a number of highly popular mishti-makers.
This shop is located at the Sinthee xing so, has a great potential of drawing customers.
Various mishti and some snacks like Khasta, Singara, etc. are available. Fresh!!! Affordable pricing for all stuffs.

##

2016-10-25 07:42:28
Arijit Saha
33698365
4.0
Checking the sweet shop and this was good with lots of yummy sweets.............i tried some and everything was perfect......................

##

2016-09-15 16:31:55
Anubhov Kanjilal
1445384
4.0
** Location = B.T. Road, just behind Sinthi More Bus Stand.

** Brief = A good addition to the array of sweet shops in Sinthi.

** Ambiance = Decent ambiance and friendly people.

** Things Tried = Khasta Kachori, Paneer Pasinda, Gulab Jamun, Rasogolla.
The kachori andpasinda were really tasty and definitely worth a mention.
Gulab jamun and rasogollas were also perfect.

** Purse Check = Not much of a costly place and Rs.150/- would be great to enjoy lots of sweetmeats.

** Overall = Definitely going back to try their khir singara and malpoa. Cheers :)

##

2016-05-21 21:56:01
Pankaj Jaiswal
1641673
3.5
Date Of Visit : 03/03/2016 

The Place &Location : Its just on the crossing of Sinthi more behind the Bust stop. JalajogaMishti is a different vertical introduced by one of the famous Cake Shop Mio Amore. It is bulit in a small place but very well organised and they maintain it quite well. The interior as well as exterior is good, their sign board is colorful and so as their inside part too. They sell only veg items so its a comfortable place for the vegetarians to have sweets and snacks. They have variety of itme in snacks as well as sweets for the walkin customers. The place is neat and clean, staffs are nicely well behaved and service is quick. If passing by from sinthi more then you must try this place once, specially their snacks.

The Food & Sweets: I tried multiple itmestoday as there was variety available. I tasted four items which are hish selling at this place and they are 1. PanirPasinda 2. KheerSingara (Ghee) 3. Vegetable Roll 4.KheerMalpoa (Ghee).

1. PanirPasinda : It was so very nice in taste and the amount of panir given in it was great. The mixture of other veggis and spices with cashew and Nuts made this item a mouth watering one. The layer of besan on the upper part was nicely covered and from inside it was full of panir and other vegetables. I hardly find any panir snack filled with so much of panir in it but this item is really value for money. Though the size is not so big but what matters is taste and quality.. My Rating : 4/5

2. KheerSingara (Ghee) : From outside it will look like a simple singara made in normal oil but from inside its something different. As its name given, after the first bite you will find a sweet flavour and will able to see the white kheer inside it. The kheer inside was no doubt tasty but it was bit dry. It may have dried due to the flour on the outer thick layer which actually soaks up the moisture of the kheer given. The singara was soft and very lightly sweet and it was looking so fresh and quality was nice..  My Rating : 3.5/5

3. Vegetable Roll : As the name suggests, the roll was filled with vegetables inside and noodles. The roll was very well coated with besan from outside and it was nicely fried. I didnt find any oil which sticks in the finger and smells till you wash your hand. It was soft and so easy to chew, the taste of vegetables was coming out nicely and noodles inside was great. The quality of the item is remakably maintained and it tastes really awesome with red chatni... My Rating : 3.5/5

4. KheerMalpoa (Ghee) : Its one of the item that we all have even at our home and any of the ceremonies, but this place has something special too. The KheerMalpoa was just awesome, it was good to look at nicely circled as it should be, very soft, the taste has the sweetness of kheer. The quality and quantity of this item was good and reasonable too.. My Rating : 3.5/5

Overall Experience &Recommendation : This shop doesn't  have a menu card so couldn't post it. There are other sweet shops available too in the region of sinthi more but this place is gonna make its name on top in coming time. The quality and reasonability they provide will surely get them ahead. Most of the sweet shops focuses on only sweets but Jalajoga also have variety in snacks too which is a plus point for them. Most of all.its a vertical of the famous cake shop Mio Amore so they already have the trust of the customers. As far as i am concerened, i felt quite satisfied with the place and its also in budget. In recommendation, you can try PanirPasinda which is a high selling item of them and KheerMalpoa. This place is value for money.

##

