2017-04-01 01:11:04
Rounak Sarkar
36559919
3.0
This small food joint, opposite to Bhabani cinema, near Rabindra Sarobar metro serves different types of pakoras, momo & other fast foods.

Tried their chicken momo, chicken drumsticks. Didn't like them. Momo & chicken were undercooked. Only good for nullifying hunger at a very low price. So, not recommended.

##

2016-12-03 19:20:54
Prithu Bhattacharyya
29551485
4.0
Just on the opposite foot of the Bhavani Cinema Hall. Saw this place and went forward to look at the menu. A variety of things available here. I ordered one plate chicken steamed momo, 5 momos for 40 rupees. The rate isn't too high. The service was quick, and about the quality, it can definitely better than this. Though I found chunks of chicken in the momo, which I rarely find in road side momo stalls.

##

2016-05-05 11:33:05
Sayantika Dutta
1340482
1.5
We stumbled over this one last week, when departing from the Rabindra Sarovar Metro station. The shop is on the footpath, right next to the metro station. We stood in front of it for a while, waiting for a cab, meanwhile a friend suggested we try this place. 

So, we ordered two fish fries. One word for it- Horrendous. The fish was stale and was omitting a pungent smell. The fish was almost spoiled and tasted sour. That could have been the overload of the vinegar or the fish itself.

If you value your digestive system, you would stay away from this place.

##

2016-05-05 08:07:45
Koninika De
1612850
3.0
When you need a knick knack, just fries is your answer, especially if you are hovering around south kolkata. Also if you have an issue spending money because it is the month end, just fries is the answer.

Location : this one is located near the rabindra sarobar metro station juat opposite bhawani cinema, there is a bata. Just fries stands there. 

Ambience and Decor : it is a tiny little street food joint, where you can see your dishes being fried. There are ni seating arrangements as such, not even stools, so standing and having it all becomes difficult.

Staff: the staffs are reciprocative in the sense , they help you choose the menu according to your palate. Also they suggest  you the new dishes that has been introduced.

Food: the food over here basic bengali finger good which kolkatans adore although the menu spread is limited.

1. Chicken momos - since there are no much momo joints in and around. This joint monopolises chicken momos. The momos are soft and supple. Although the soup is horrible. Definitely, it can be worth-a-try.

2. Fish batter fry- this is an age old evening fish snack thay bengalis simply adore. Although I believe, the fish was over fried a bit which marred the tasted. But I believe this is one of the best items in the menu list. So just fries and fish batter are very complementary.

3. Fish amritsari - this is the newest addition to the menu. The amritsari machchhi was not at all authentic, rather it was too spicy, the fish was too stiff. So this one is a strict no-no.

Value for money : absolutely within the budget . Does not burn a hole in the pocket. Absolutely a saviour during the days you are broke.

Just fries , the nick nack joint is an intelligent choice not until you go broke or you are near bhawani cinemas and you are too hungry. Till then happy chomping!

##

