2016-11-29 14:26:31
Shahrukh Ahmed
15540184
4.5
The Mandal Ganthi area of Kaikhali have had lots of small eateries and stalls, but, all of them lacked the diversification which we generally find in the famous eateries. The long wait finally got answered on the opening of Nasir Hotel. Going by the name - KGN Nasir Hotel, in respect of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti, it is located in the heart of Kaikhali, Mandal Ganthi Area.
It opened just about more than an year back, but quickly grabbed attention and hence got decent amount of regular customers, with the count increasing day by day.
It serves all types of cuisine round the clock starting from breakfast to dinner. At mornings you will find puri suzi along with chapatti if you wish for. Just little after 12, you can have lunch out here. For lunch you get a wide variety of choices. Some of the items are rice, chapattis, dal, subzi, beef, mutton, liver, pakoras. You also get biryani which started to serve regularly for about six months. At evenings, they make beef rolls which are exceptionally tasty. You can also have parathas at anytime from evening to night followed by any dish you wish for. All items of delicacies for lunch are available for dinner too. Occasionally, they prepare a veg item by cooking more than five vegetables, known here by, 'paanch mishali torkari'.
The behaviour of the restaurant owner who is self-employed in his own eatery is really appreciable. He is a soft spoken person and is very enthusiastic to strike up conversation. The seating area is indeed huge as well as spacious and the in-house entertainment is provided by a colour television which is always tuned to sports channel airing cricket and occasionally you get to see other matches such as football, tennis or hockey.
I have tasted beef rolls, puri subzi and other beef items and all of them tasted delicious. The taste of roll still lingers on my mind as I write this review.

Qs) Should you visit it?
Ans) If you wish to have home-like food with no extra masalas, then this is a place to dwell. You'll have the experience of having food at reasonable prices. But, if you have allergies with beef being served, you should reconsider.

Qs) Why have I rated them 4.5 stars?
Ans) Honestly, I did not find any reason to complain. Being just a amateur, they do well to run this eatery. It fulfills all the desires one look for. It has home like environment, the food is articulately cooked, the seating arrangements are comfortable beyond imagination and also supported by polite staff. The only disadvantage you might point is that they are not professionals which can be clearly reflected once you visit it. Nevertheless, this is the top eatery of my ex-area.

##

