2016-11-06 18:01:57
Shamayita Datta Chaudhuri
64941
1.0
While I have no complaints at all regarding the food - the jar ordered on the previous occasion was very very good - but I am appalled at the behaviour of the proprietor. They take an order, and after two hours when my order has not been received, they tell me that the delivery is not under their control. I get that a lot of places rely on external delivery services, but when you've received an order which hasn't been delivered for over an hour, how can you say the delivery company is at fault? I was offered advise to "read up" and "Order on swiggy next time", as I wouldn't get my order in 5 minutes.

##

2016-10-03 19:34:10
Karishma Sharma (asoulfoodstory.com)
1169354
4.5
Kolkata is witnessing a tremendous rise in home bakers and confectioners and thanks to Zomato we have been able to discover so many amazing home bakers. So, who are home bakers? Well, they are a talented bunch who operate within a small setup but produce brilliant desserts and bakes! One such home baker I discovered is Kaos Gourmet- who are seriously re-inventing “gourmet”
                                                ...

##

2016-10-03 10:53:52
Varsha Agarwalla
30637021
4.0
I had their chocolate kaos. Something different,  smooth and delicious.  Double chocolate chip cookies and nutella sea salt is also worth a try

##

2016-09-30 07:55:56
Shreya Bhowmick
2526344
4.5
This gourmet cookie brand has recently collaborated with Mama Mia! I have tasted a kaos in a jar once from Theatre road outlet by delivery through zomato.Since then it has been my wish to try out more sweet treats from Kaos.So came here to taste some.Here Kaos in a jar wasn't available and in mini sized cookies only nutella flavoured ones were available.
Took a nutella brownie and a large sized red velvet cookie(since other varieties of cookies were available in that size).Since the cookie was very big..I could only try one.

The nutella brownie was one of the best I ever had.It had a nice touch if crunch on the outside with fudgy centre.It was good enough on its own but heavenly with the French Vanilla Ancanto gelato of Mama Mia.

The red velvet cookie was very good too.It had chewy centre.The red tint on the cookie wasn't overwhelming..just perfect.

Will drop by surely sometime soon to try the other varieties.

##

2016-09-10 02:41:30
Sayantika Dutta
1340482
4.0
The kind of hard work you put in can only be measured with the flawlessness of the final outcome. That is exactly the case with Kaos as well. 

Recently, thanks to Zomato and the wonderful people at Kaos, I had the opportunity to munch on their world class cookies, brownies, Lavash and Grissinis at their, this very new stop. Kaos has set up its latest counter at Mama Mia ballygunge and I could not be happier. There is so much care that goes into making each of the goodies, it almost shows. 

The first thing that strikes you, when you approach the cookies, is their sheer size. These are American cookies and stand by the phrase “Bigger and Better” with every character. With almost all the cookies tasting nothing less than the other, I still managed to decide upon a few favourites (using God given super powers to its best limit). 
These were- the Nutella Sea Salt, Double Expresso Chocolate and the Lemon white chocolate. Other crowd pleasing varieties include- the double chocolate chip and red velvet cookies. All the flavours are distinct and so different from each other. The cookies are biscuit-y around the edges and chewy in the centre to my delight. What a delightful mouthful.

The brownies are gluten free. No, you do not have to gluten intolerant to have these beautiful desserts, but it surely does show the kind of thought they are putting into their food and the consideration towards their consumers. These brownies are light, yet beautifully melt-y and gooey in the centre. These are a huge hit with or without ice cream. Just microwave for 10 seconds before you plop a scoop of ice cream on top of it.  

If you haven’t tried their stuff yet, please do.

##

2016-09-03 10:29:40
Anamitraa/The Gut Filling
671420
4.5
I feel so happy that one of my favourite cookie brand collaborated with my favourite ice cream chain and have come up to a place closer to my house. Firstly, I would like to thank

##

2016-09-02 23:03:48
Sohini Sarkar
33862921
4.0
"Kaos", a newly opened dessert parlour inside Mama Mia, Ballygunge has got the young and the old talking about it widely. So the fun part about Kaos is in its name. Well, besides their zero-flour-only-chocolate-cookies, wide choices in Grissinis, heavily flavoured brownies etc etc. So the fun part- the owners running this place broke it down to me that "Kaos" actually means 'chaos'. So why this name, you wonder? Apparently their large sized cookies, truffles or anything as a matter of fact are so delicious that it brings out the chaos in a person. So I ventured out one afternoon to see that for myself.

*Double Chocolate Chip Cookies: Bigger than your normal sized cookies, with pieces that falls apart and melts in your mouth are these Double Chocolate Chip Cookies. A bit soft if you compare this to regular cookies available in the market and that's because the ratio of flour to chocolate is very less. (4/5)

*Red Velvet Cookies: Reddish in colour with obviously a strong hint of red velvet flavour. Again, not as hard when you bite into it as your other marketed cookies because of the above reasons. This with all honesty, makes the cookie stand out both in respect of taste and quality. (4/5)

*Double Expresso Chocolate: I mention in most of my reviews where I try out food items that are concentrated on coffee that I am not its biggest fan. However, I would like to change that statement temporarily because then it wouldn't be fair to Double Expresso Chocolate Cookie. Abln absolute delight to have, each bite stocked with the flavour of coffee but at the back of your mouth you'd still get a strong hint of chocolate. This was a total hit for me. Spot on! (5/5)

*Nutella Sea Salt: A big sized cookie focusing strictly on Nutella flavour. There's no overwhelming sweetness to this cookie which makes it an interesting choice. This was personally my second favourite after Double Expresso Chocolate Cookie. (5/5)

Kaos, although a new addition to the Ballygunge neighborhood has introduced big guns in the game. Besides the amazing people that run the parlour and make it a success that it already is, the food quality speaks for itself by large. This place is already a favourite for me, is it for you too?

##

