2017-02-11 08:22:33
Archi C
1693592
3.5
Located in OPD building inside Apollo Gleneagles. The food is good and quantity is substantial. The service time is a tad slow and staff is a bit high-handed. We had tomato soup and custard because the other food did not cater to our medical condition. Taste wise there are no complaints. They should have a larger variety of cuisines keeping in mind the needs of the patients.

##

2016-12-23 16:00:28
Subhannita Guha
34592825
2.0
I went to Apollo today to have my USG done in empty stomach.
After the USG, I was too hungry so we came here.

SERVICE: Service is a bit slow. The behaviour of the staffs are too bad. They are rude & arrogant and I have no idea as to what they think themselves of. The man at the cash counter was couteous though.

FOOD: We ordered a Chicken Butter Masala with Tandoori Rotis and an Egg Hakka Noodles.
Chickens in the Chicken Butter Masala had an outer coating and was most probably the same as the ones they put in their chinese sides.
For less work, they keep the marinated chicken common and just cook in the preferred gravy.
Tandoori Rotis were small in size given the price i.e. ₹20 each.
The Egg Noodles was salt-less, may be because it is a hospital. However, salt and sugar sachets were given for one's requirement.

##

2016-01-13 11:18:57
Deepshikha Ghosh
2441974
3.5
This place is located inside Apollo Gleneagles Hospital and is a reasonable place for a quick bite.

Ambience: Unlike dull, gloomy and sterile looking hospital canteens, this place is colourful and brightly lit. It's no fine dining restaurant, and you're served on trays just like food malls, but not too bad either.

Food: Food Quality is good! I'm originally from Mumbai and so my husband and I were really surprised to see the variety and yummy food that we had the option to eat, again compared to hospital canteens we have been to. Not very oily, they served decent sized portions at very reasonable rates. Imagine good quality Chinese or Indian takeaway and that's what you get here. Reshmi / Malai Chicken Tikka and the chicken hakka noodles are good. The portion size for the Non Veg Meal is quite big.

Service: The only thing bad in this place is the service. They have no management system and service is really slow. It took half an hour for me to get a slip for the food and another 20 mins for the food itself which is really bad for a place that is meant to serve fast food. Since it is attached to the Hospital building, the doctors get first preference, which is why be prepared for long queue during lunch time.

Overall a decent place for a quick bite, when you are in this particular area.

##

