2017-07-26 21:30:31
Anirban Dutta Choudhury
31721439
2.0
My brother and I ordered a cheese sauce pasta takeaway. However, on receiving the parcel, we noticed that the milk which was used in making the sauce had curdled. This rendered the entire meal inedible. When one is paying 300 bucks for food, one generally expects something good to be served. Unfortunately, this was not the case for us. Poor experience.

##

2017-07-11 22:13:28
Gyanban
328000
4.0
Quite a misleading name for a very decent restaurant.  This review comes after 4 visits to the restaurant and what surprises me is the consistency with which they make their dishes. The staff are very friendly and courteous and want the restaurant to do well and hence quite receptive to feedback.

Steamed Momos were quite upto the mark, and the quality of Hakka noodles and its ingredients were upto  expectations. But what surprised me was the North Indian cuisine. The Aloo pyaz paratha was spectacular and done quite like what they would do in a  typical north Indian joint in Delhi. The Paratha was cooked well evenly, a fine tuning which most miss, as they have the center part cooked while the other parts remain undercooked. But Kishaw surprised me there with their all round Parathas.

I am a big fan of Bachchan Singhs Egg Chicken Tadka, so I was a bit skeptical about ordering the same from Kickshaw. But to my surprise they did a splendid job of getting the right mix of spices, thickness of gravy and salt to near perfection. The curd was fresh and the pickle quite tasty.
Next, we had Butter Chicken and Chicken Kasa - both turned out to be of fine taste and cooked in a good medium , did not seem like recycled oil. the Dal fry was upto the very authentic Delhi standards and tastes just as good.

A small non descript restaurant tucked inside a community center can often get ignored unless you really walk in and explore. The signboards outside are somewhat unidimensional, like burgers and Pizzas and don't necessarily reflect the range of cuisine they have to offer, which is why we skipped it on many occasions.

This restaurant needs more visibility for the quality of food they offer and the owners need to feel proud of the service their staff offers. Their executive Chef needs a pat on the back for bringing out the true taste of North Indian dishes.

Overall , a good place to have a good meal without burning hole in your pocket.

##

2017-06-14 00:44:34
Coolcandy Ankita
33062685
3.5
Located close to my college, in upohar township, I decided to give this place a try for my dessert cravings! Tried the following two items from here-

KitKat milkshake(4/5)- the milkshake had the flavour of KitKat while tiny KitKat bits gave the necessary crunch! Also they had topped it with chocolate sauce to further enhance the taste! Really impressed!

Oreo chocolate brownie sundae(2.5/5)- vanilla icecream topped with chocolate sauce and Oreo biscuit bits-the initial spoonfulls tasted great but what went terribly wrong in the preparation of the dish is that once the Oreo bits and the initial chocolate sauce drizzle was over-what was left of this dish (almost 3/4th) was the plain vanilla icecream that seemed to be tastlesless especially after having Oreo! The quantity served was huge!! We were two in number and struggled to finish it but still the dish failed to impress us!

Overall a nice place to hangout with friends... so loved the KitKat shake - wish the sundae had more to it! Nevertheless, Looking forward to trying other dishes from here in the future as they do have an extensive menu!

##

2017-06-12 13:08:06
Soumya Chakraborty
30477306
3.5
This is a nice, cosy bistro that serves good dishes. It is located on the ground floor of Upohar Town Centre near Kavi Subhash Metro Station. The decor is decent and provided the space they have, it can definitely be improved. We had visited this place on a very hot summer day and hence we tried a couple of their refreshments. We had ordered Kit Kat Milk Shake and Oreo Chocolate Brownie Sundae.



Kit Kat Milk Shake(3.5/5): It was nicely prepared and very refreshing. They quantity was sufficient for two people. You will get bits of Kit-Kat in it which enhances the taste.



Oreo Chocolate Brownie Sundae(3.5/5): This dish had Oreo pieces on the vanilla ice-cream and chocolate brownie topped with chocolate sauce. The only problem with this dessert was that the brownie and the Oreo bits with the chocolate sauce proved to be insufficient for the vanilla ice-cream. So, after the brownie and the oreo pieces got over, we were left with a considerable amount of plain vanilla ice-cream which is undesirable. The amounts of the ingredients were disproportionate which, if improved, would make this an amazing serving. Otherwise, this was a decent item.


A nice place to hangout. They are really generous about the quantity of the items they serve. The prices of all items are inclusive of taxes and they are pretty reasonable. I would like to visit this place again to try out the other items they serve.

##

2017-04-08 23:23:53
Sagnik Bakshi
39802851
1.0
If you're ready to pay money in exchange for rudeness, come visit this place.

Kickshaw seemed to be a cosy little restaurant, and I started visiting the place on a regular basis for the past week or so for an afternoon cup of tea (priced at Rs.50). However, I'm never going to go back there ever again.

Normally there used to be little to no other customers apart from me during the time of my visit (2 pm or so), and I started enjoying my cuppa, being there for around 45-50 mins, while getting some work done using my notebook and pen. Until today! As I was told by the lady at the counter (the owner I suppose), that they can't allow me to occupy their seats for so long for such small bills.

Well, firstly, no other customer being around (and hence, lot of empty seats available), I never thought that I was hogging seats, thereby depriving others or impacting the business in any negative way. Also, it's not that I was sitting there for free. Secondly, someone needs to educate the owner regarding the fact that people visit coffee shops or restaurants not simply for the sake of having food/beverage, but also to enjoy the ambience and have a pleasant time.. and hence, are ready to pay the premium price that's charged. To me, these are the very basics of running a food business.

I have visited multiple food/beverage outlets around the world, both big and small, and nowhere I've seen the negative attitude that I experienced today from the owner at Kickshaw. In fact, there have been instances in the past where I became good friends with restaurant owners/managers, and later on had recommended those places to many of my colleagues, friends and relatives. But not Kickshaw! Sorry to say this, but it was a completely THUMBS DOWN experience for me.

##

2017-03-03 22:22:01
Trimala Sridharan
38423452
1.0
Poor food quality ! over expensive and flirty manager .. Overall my evening has been spoiled by the restaurant. Never ever will i try to visit it again .. Trust me a raod side puchka stall is better

##

2017-01-15 06:51:01
Saurav Porel
31118025
1.5
Worst restaurent I had ever seen. Firstly their behaviour is not at all up to the mark, they dont even know how to talk with the customers. Very rude behaviour my one of the service boy of kickshaw. Kickshaw have prepared a hot garlic fish by all nuggets only and also counted as one peice of one half nuggets. Charges are overpriced but quality and quantity is worst.

##

2016-12-15 20:07:04
Upasana Biswas
34393093
1.0
Okay now this one seemed to be a cute little cafe kinda place near our college so we planned to hop in one day. Ordered for their chicken momos and veg pizza. The momos were not good..tasted really pale and to our utmost disappointment, when we started to eat the veg pizza, we found an insect in it. All of us literally freaked out. Immediately we called the staff and made them change our pizza. The pizza also wasn't good enough. Altogether, a horrible experience.

##

2016-12-08 17:48:02
Swati Sneha
32657605
4.0
A nice cozy place with calm ambience, to dine in. Not so big, but you can always find a seat for yourself and your group. 
They have good tasty food, with lots of variants. And a plus factor is that they have clean kitchen which can be seen from the dining area. They cook in a very higenic environment.
However, I consider it to be a little bit pricy restaurant.

##

