2017-09-21 23:52:13
Sagnik Das
35602350
3.5
REVIEW (TAKEAWAY)
IN SHORT
I'd strongly recommend having the Monkey Toast and the Ema Datshi.

Le BC ... I loved the fact that the Salt Lake Area can finally taste some real burgers (hoping)
Sadly, I didn't opt for a 'buff' burger.

THE ORDER
Roast Pork BBQ Burger
Ema Datshi (Pork) ...
(Note: Datshi is a Bhutanese dish, so it's redundant to call it Bhutanese Datshi... Like calling sushi Japanese Sushi or patishapta a Bengali Patishapta)
Monkey Toast

I ordered from zomato... And considering my past experience with a certain burger joint, I anticipated the order would at least be half an hour late. But much to my surprise, it actually came half an hour early. So a big thank you to them for that. 😁

THE VERDICT

Pork BBQ Burger (2/5)
Tasted more like bhuna pork in a bun with a dollop of BBQ sauce and lard... I'd suggest changing it to pulled pork or improving the flavour.
And PLEASE... Some slaw for texture and to cut through the richness of the pork!
The size of the burger was a bit small w.r.t what other joints sell but I won't mind much if the flavour is good. So please improve this burger.
Brownie points for those tasty crisps though ✌️

Ema Datshi (4/5)
Never tasted this dish before, so I can't compare but it tasted like a rich and creamy pork stew. The dish has a very homely, rustic feel to it - the perfect comfort food for me. It was full of soothing flavours.
The rice was prepared properly... and so was the veggies in the stew. All in all, a very pleasing dish.
Sadly, for 160 bucks I'd opt for a biryani instead (and maybe try to make Bhutanese friends)

Monkey Toast 🐒 (4.5/5)
Very rich but balanced French toast.
It's intense... Just as they promised.
The caramelized bananas complemented the french toast and no flavour was overwhelming( but the french toast lacked a bit of the vanilla smell if you ask me). But other than that suggestion no complaints at all.


RATING
Food 3.5/5
Delivery 5/5
Value for Money 3/5
50% weightage to food
30% to value for money
20% to delivery
OVERALL 3.65/5

For a newly opened joint, I'd say it was quite good.
Of course, I have yet to taste their beef burgers.
Hopefully, I'll be ordering again in the near future.

##

