2017-08-11 12:13:10
Anurag Jaiswal
1778047
3.0
Located at the food court of Mani Square mall. Its a pure vegetarian outlet. The dishes are not so good and it needs to be more hygenic. Service is good.

##

2017-07-10 15:49:53
Sujata Thaker
30203195
4.5
Had the hing kachori combo, consisting of four kachoris, one bowl of Chana masala, one bowl of potato subzi, dahi puchka and Papri chaat, it was good and tasty without falling into the trap of being too oily.( This generally happens at food court outlets when you order something fried). The Chana was aromatic. The papri chaat and dahi puchka were tangy and yummy.The only con was the potato subzi, the taste was okayish but the potato was hard.
Overall good value for money and served quite fast too with a smile at the counter.
Also had Chinese Bhel....this I felt could be improved upon by addition of spring onion greens and some veggies, thinly sliced.

##

2017-07-08 16:34:56
Prity Poddar - Veg Food And Reviews
957766
4.0
Jun 2017

Combo Meal of Chhola Bhatura and Dahi Papdi Chaat @ Let's Chaat, Food Court, Mani Square Mall, Kolkata ☺

Recently, post a hectic day sans any lunch, we decided to unwind by checking out a late evening show at the newly revamped multiplex at Mani Square Mall.

The dual factor of time in hand (read 10 minutes to movie start plus 10 minutes of advertisements) and hunger in tummy led us to do a quick round of Mani Square Mall's food court. After some contemplation, we ended up ordering the aforesaid Combo meal at the relatively new Let's Chaat food counter. 

To be honest, the magnificent Bhaturas on display beckoned the foodies in our souls. It would have been quite amoral to not pay heed to their calls during the ongoing monsoons!

The Combo meal comprised of two big fluffy Bhaturas with a medium sized bowl of Chhola and an equal sized bowl of Dahi Papdi Chaat. 

In the past, our Chhola Bhatura experience at the Mani Square food court, albeit from a different food counter, has ranged from average to beyond average.

Thus our expectation with the aforesaid meal was nothing beyond the pacification of our tummies through the warmth of comfort foods. But to our pleasant surprise, both the items were just perfect! The Bharuras were fluffy, well cooked and relatively less greasy. Chhola was devoid of floating oil and generous infusions of amchur, a trait that is common in most food courts and small eateries. Dahi Papdi Chaat had the right balance of crunchy papdis, tangy tamarind chutney and coolant dahi aka curd. Seasonings and garnishing therein were also balanced. In fact, the whole combo was quite tasty and filling.

The quantity served was good enough for two people, specially if you happened to sip on some ready-made beverage while waiting for your order to get served. We opted for a big bottle of Keventer's Alphonso Mango Shake. It was quite soothing and yummy.

Our order was served in 10 minutes. We, the hungry duo finished it off in 5 minutes and zoomed off to catch our movie, just in time to join the countrymen in singing our National Anthem.

Tasty comfort food, Bollywood and a dash of patriotism! What more do you seek post a hectic and food less day!

Price of Big Combo: Rs. 210 (all inclusive)

#vfr130

##

