2017-09-16 13:57:49
Mohit Kejriwal
30283038
4.5
Well, after an excellent experience at the First Innings restaurant of The Stadel, this time, it was my 2nd innings at Rasam!
Have visited this place countless times in the past but today, opted for delivery!

Ordered the following for an office delivery through Zomato, which was delivered pretty swiftly and hot:-

(i)	Sambar Idly vada:- 1 Fluffy idly and 1 soft vada dipped in hot sambar and topped with coriander – just a perfect start to any south indian meal!

(ii)	Rawa onion masala dosa – The masala was packed separately and did just the apt justice to the tasty dosa!

(iii)	Chocolate cake (complimentary along with Zomato treats) – A great finish to a satiating meal – delicate soft and creamy!

The tempered coconut chutney deserves a special applaud, so does the vegetable studded sambhar!

Packing, service etc, everything is great – except for the pocket pinch, which is somewhat high – yet justified!

A big thanks to the management for this experience and a big recommendation to Rasam!

##

2017-08-30 15:42:27
FOOD SAFETY OFFICER FSSAI
38531018
5.0
Rasam known name south Indian food ,
It located in  the stadel  salt lake kolkatta 
We gone there for official meets 
Just entered rasam to try something South Indian,
Ordered cheese masala dosa , it was fabulous dosa I ever had , true name for it,
And the kesaria tea with kesar petals was just full of chuskees, loved it, enjoyed it 
Staff is so respectfull and dress up in South Indian traditional, with dhoti kurta ,
Would like to visit when ever I am here in kolkatta.

##

2017-08-09 00:36:04
Avishek Layek
20161327
4.5
A loNg time favourite. The cheese masa rava dosa is a filler and the awesomest in here. Nice place to go alone as well as with friends. The staff are very well behaved and the place is quite serene with soft music.

##

2017-07-22 07:26:35
Tanwyee Ray
402819
3.5
Are you in a mood to have some South Indian recipes but want something new in it???

This restaurant is offering you dosas, idlis with a twist on their "MANGO FESTIVAL"!!! I was invited through Panch Phoron to attend the event.

It's located beside salt lake stadium, gate no.3.

Simple décor with a seating arrangement of around 40 people at a time.

The dishes we were served -

1. Kachi Keri Juice - Green Mango juice with masala, a refreshing drink during summer. It tastes nice with sweet and sour flavour.

2. Rava Mango Idly - Idlis prepared with semolina, ripe Mango & curd and served with sambar, white coconut chutney and green chutney. It was soft and tasted good.

3. Mango Crepes - Crispy and thin dosa with Mango jelly and red chilli flakes served with sambar, coconut chutney and green chutney. It has an amazing mixture of tastes of hot and sweet.

4. Amba Sandana - Very colorful and well garnished dish. Soft Ring idly stuffed with ripe Mango and topped with strawberry jelly and red chilli flakes and served with chutneys and sambar. It has a combination of hot ,sweet and sour and tasted amazing. It is a must have indeed.

5. Mango Club Ice-cream - Kesar pista ice-cream with ripe Mango in it though I was expecting something else. It was average in taste.

This festival will end on 23rd July. So grab the offer soon to enjoy a scrumptious South Indian meal here!!!

##

