2016-10-31 20:30:25
Ankush Mukherjee
1637370
3.0
Been to its Kavi Nazrul Metro outlet..the chicken wrap and chicken tikka kebab were succulent enough for meat cravers to come again..they need to expand throughout the city because the food they serve is good and justify the price set..overall a snacks corner that can rival the best in kolkata if expanded

##

2016-09-30 03:29:28
Samik
36171320
4.5
Recently I got a chance to taste one of the best tasted Biriyani of Kolkata. Thanks to RR Kaizen.

I am an avid Biriyany eater. I love to have Biriyani from new food joints. From 1995 I regularly have Biriyani from different food joints and restaurants of Kolkata. I am always in search of good Biriyany. From popular restaurants like Siraz, Royal, Arsalan,  Indian Restaurant, Zeeshan, Naushijan  to street food stalls like Anima, I had Biriyani from all of them. I surely like the Indian restaurant's one and fan of Royal's (for their mutton chaap too), I should not forget about Islamiya from Kolutola street and Nafil near Park Circus.

RR's Biriyani stands out in the crowd with it's really subtle taste and flavor. It is surely made with finer ingredients and devoid of unhealthy chemicals. Otherwise belching within hours, a regular side effect of   having Biriyany from many tasty makers would have occurred. 

One should not compare RR's Biriyani with star restaurants like Amber or Specialty Group restaurants but it is surely one of the best Biriyani I have ever had in below 200/- price tag.

Note: Quantity is good and chicken/mutton portion is also quiet big, enough for a normal person.

I am happy that they are available here in Narendrapur - rajpur locality.

##

2016-07-09 00:43:12
Koyel Bhattacharya
1030805
3.5
As it was raining cats and dogs last Sunday it was difficult to get food delivered at doorstep in Narendrapur where as it is delivery options are limited. RR Kaizan came as a saviour. Though I was a bit sceptical about the delivery the food reached my home in an hours time.
The soft Parathas had hardly any oil in it and was being called as healthy Paratha. The Chicken Tikka Masala was supposedly devoid of any artificial colour and preservatives. It was a spicy gravy as it should be. The chicken was extremely soft but it lacked the usual texture of roasting. Chicken chunks were no doubt cooked well in the gravy but the roasting was not adequately done prior to it.
Overall the freshness of the food and promptness of the service was impressive. I would surely like to order for other available items as well in the near future.

##

2016-02-29 09:23:55
Biswajit Dutta
1223034
4.5
The concept of this place is nice. No artificial colour or azinamoto etc. They deliver food 2 times a day. Delivery experience is good. Foods ar well cooked and tasty. Quantity is little less. But not very less. Looking forward to try some more items soon.

##

2016-02-17 15:36:56
Amit Raychaudhuri
33574279
4.0
I have recently started patronizing PR Kaizen in my temporary hometown Narendrapur. Every single item I have ordered, be it a biryani dish or Chicken Burger, with numerous other items in between, have been uniformly, unfailingly good. The cooking is obviously done with great care, using the finest ingredients; delivery time for dinner around 10 PM. and lunch  around 1:30 PM is  quite acceptable, which I understand is the typical time lunch and dinner are partaken of here in Calcutta. My only peeve is that, despite repeated efforts, I have been unable to obtain a full menu to ease ordering items not listed on the one-page coloured menu that came as newspaper insert. I will unhesitatingly recommend PR Kaizen to anyone--and all others--like me who is living in the great city of Calcutta on a temporary basis and finds himself somewhat inconvenienced not having full cooking facilities and infrastructure presently at home.

Keep up the great work PR Kaizen!

Amit Raychaudhuri
Sherwood Estate
Block P, Unit 2/O, Lobby 3

##

2015-11-17 00:44:12
Sayantani Mandal
5491371
1.5
I was quite excited when I went through the leaflet menu I had got along with my morning newspaper the other day, of RR Kaizen, this eatery that had opened in my locality a short while back. The menu seemed really promising so without wasting much time, I decided to place an order today for home delivery and my experience turned out to be horrible. We ordered for a Mutton Biriyani, Raita, Fish fry and Chicken Curry. The person who took the order suggested we go for Chicken Chap instead of Chicken Curry cos the pieces in it would be small but I still stuck to the Chicken Curry, specifically mentioning it to him that I want the pieces to be small and am not in the mood for a single big piece of chicken like the one you get in Chicken Chap, so we'd take the Chicken Curry only. 
But to my utter surprise and shock , when I unpacked the food, I found that they had given Chicken Chap! I checked the name of the items that had been listed on the bill and found that they had written the item to be Chicken Chap as well and taken the price for that dish, which is twice the price of Chicken Curry. It was my fault that I hadn't checked the name of the items on the bill earlier cos I had never expected something like this. I called them up immediately and informed them about the matter but again, to my dismay, the person very politely kept arguing that they had written Chicken Chap by mistake and they only give a single piece in their Chicken Curry and the piece is supposed to be like the one you get in Chicken Chap. This excuse was so bad it was almost funny cos the item they had given was clearly Chicken Chap and they had even written it in the bill. Also, I had found the rice of the Biriyani to be too hard and chewy so when I told him about that he said that if they had boiled it any longer it'd have become soft. Such pathetic excuses. If you really have to give an excuse, at least come up with a good one! Never ordering from this place again. I'd give them a 1 but .5 extra for the Fish Fry which tasted quite good.

##

