2016-02-28 11:07:52
Oishik Sarkar
3119605
2.0
This one is located over in Lenin Sarani, just beside another roll counter named Kwality Roll Centre. Both of this food counter only offers varieties of rolls for an inexpensive price.

There rolls are pretty popular between office people & daily passengers of that area. However the rolls are very average, made of very thin Parathas. Chicken, Mutton, Liver, Paneer & Tikia everything over in rolls feels pretty good, soft & tasty. They add lemon for flavours but the sauces used are of very low quality.

Conclusion : Sangam Roll Centre is a nice place to kill your hunger at very low cost. Nothing great or nothing exception you can expect for such a low priced foods.

##

2016-01-06 13:32:12
Pritam Deb D
31627794
1.0
Located opposite to jyoti cinema. Its just a cheap road size roll center. Test is awful ,your test buds will stop working after eating a roll here. Yesterday I was there for some work and  order a tikia roll and I have no words to explain the test. One more thing the person who will take the order is a very claver man he  always try to force you to give a egg chicken or egg mutton roll. Then he acts like he don't know what you have ordered for. Beware of this roll corner.

##

2015-08-03 15:17:22
Pawan Jaiswal/The Food Crave
73744
3.5
LOCATION AND DESCRIPTION: This place is at 158 Lenin Sarani near Chandni chowk market. Just on the road beside the tram line (Opposite of Jyoti cinema). I used to work at Lenin Sarani and my office was just beside. This place only deals with variety of rolls and kababs. Just beside them they have there rivals Kwality Rolls who serves the same. Its generally a street food outllet with some hungry options.

AMBIENCE AND STAFF: As it is a Street Food outlet so there is no sitting arrangement. Its just like a take and eat or take away. What to tell about the roll centre staff they will be always attentive when u have your rivals calling them.

FOOD: Me and my friend had Egg Chicken as well as Chicken roll as he came to visit me surprisingly. So the Paratha was thick and hard. They use lots of oil to fry as they make in continous basis. Thou the Chicken was fried well and was tasty. Nothing to express much about the food. They also serve few kabab options.

QNQ AND PRICES: Quality is the same as per the other Roll centres but on a good side. Prices are ok as everywhere charging almost the same.

CONCLUSION: Thou not a dissatisfying visit. Recomended if you are in chandni at this place.

Note: This review is based on my personal visit and experience to this place.

##

