2016-12-29 21:47:45
Aankit Saraogi
338439
3.5
The place is best suited for a quick n cheap meal..it serves both veg n non veg items... Going by the appearance,one will nt hope much from the food, but surprisingly, the tatse of food is quiet good, service is okesih. They need to be a bit more hygienic ,but expecting that from a roadside eatery is quiet a lofty desire

##

2016-12-24 01:58:05
Anusreea - The Food Trippers
2257306
3.0
Sometimes it is so surprising to discover the entire stretch we have always known as Goutam's is actually made up of differently named smaller shops!!
This one's such a restaurant. Our late night eatery, serving okay ish food. Neither dhaba kind nor the restaurant type. Frequented many a times for chinese food or tea or beverages or cold coffee and sobon!

##

2016-10-06 19:50:32
Sujata Thaker
30203195
3.0
Nothing to speak about by way of ambience, it's almost like a roadside shack. Calling it a Dhaba I feel is a misnomer , for me a Dhaba will serve robust North Indian food. But nowadays Chinese cuisine too is served in dhabas! Anyway prices are pretty reasonable and food quality too us good. Can try on the way to airport or on the way from airport, as we did.! Try North Indian.....rotis with tarka and paneer butter masala....you will like it.

##

2016-03-02 22:49:15
Jude Martin (The Food Seeker)
1895578
3.0
Located after the Bengal chemical bus stoppage and near the flyover which takes you towards ultadanga exactly opposite side you will see a whole lot of eateries like goutams and in between them a seriously unrecognized and unfamiliar and under rated fast food joint is present called SHIVAM DHABA . And they are there from some years and offering north Indian foods as well Chinese and of course other fast snacking stuffs like rolls and all as well as coffee , tea and cold drinks too .

MY EXPERIENCE OF FOOD & SERVICE -

I am not judging this place ambience wise because I consider this a street side dhaba type ( not actually though) as nothing interior wise or eye catching is there and its just not like a chill out place or a place for proper eating .It can be only a place for just food and fast service according to me and its a bonus place for people travelling from a long distance as they pass the bypass route looking for food and can hop in for a quick bite .Over the years I tried a lot of foods from here mostly north food and they make some good Indian cuisines in a pocket friendly price and same is for Chinese foods but I would prefer there Indian foods cause the naan are very crispy and soft just right enough to have it with any side dish maybe a chicken bharta or a chicken masala and it will not let you down . Even the tandoor dishes are very tasty and quite sufficient enough and satisfying too.
The rolls and other coffees are pretty nice too especially the cold coffee with ice cream is a real treat to indulge in .
Coming to the service part I would say that they are very nice and fast but it gets quite annoying sometimes when you tip them as per your desire once the bill is made but they demand with a smile a lil more is actually a sign of greed which I really don't like as I eat good food and leave with a response like that is something to think about .However overlooking all this I recommend this place for a quick food option when you pass by this area and hunger is a call .

##

2015-11-01 22:02:47
Pawan Jaiswal/The Food Crave
73744
4.0
LOCATION AND DESCRIPTION: This place is at the Bypass way near the Mani Square Mall and just near the Renowned outlet Gautam's. For all the Late night eaters out there this place brings you lots food variety for your foody needs. We reached there for the take away purpose.

AMBIANCE AND STAFF: This is a road side outlet on the way. Not a very big ambiance to be true, it looks just an ordinary food outlet. 

FOOD: This place offers lots of variety for you to eat. Its upon you whats you choose From Chinese to indian dishes. We had a Parcel of Baby Corn chilly. It was in good quantity. The taste was really good. After being kept  for an hour it was tasting delicious and yummy. The corns were soft and the masala over the corn was chilly and sour with complete flavours of tomato ketchup etc. 8/10

QNQ AND PRICES: Quality is good of the food so very satisfied with the quantity. Prices are very reasonable here according to the food.

CONCLUSION: On the way late night eating is a trend now. At this price and quality i think this place is quite good to me.

NOTE: This review is based on my personal experience of the Food from this place.

##

2015-09-20 23:11:28
Jui Mousumi Mukhopadhyay
3221670
3.5
For all those late night eaters, please keep this outlet noted un your wishlist because the food is good and sufficient for a tummy filling... :)

##

2015-04-05 13:41:35
Ajesh Banerjee
953449
3.5
Whether it’s a high voltage Kolkata derby between arch rivals Mohun Bagan and East Bengal, or a pure show of skills in ISL, a return from the Yuva Bharati Krirangan always deserves a halt at the Shivam Dhaba. Despite of providing quality food to the passers-by, this dhaba is underrated for quite a few reasons. One of the major ones is its appearance. I have seen people judging the quality of a restaurant from the look of its signboard. Naturally they will reject this dhaba for its not-so-cool look. It is located at the E.M Bypass right where the new Ultadanga flyover ends. There are plenty of other roadside eateries around, so you may have to walk a little to spot this dhaba. Don’t let their appearance deceive you; they offer good food at a reasonable price. Plus, their friendly waiters will make you feel like you know them for years. This dhaba is located almost in the middle of Hudco crossing and Mani Square. To those who do not mind talking a walk after a hearty meal, reaching Ultadanga (Hudco crossing) by foot won’t be difficult if you have good company (cross the road for a lonely walk).

I’m fond of their Chicken Tawa Kabab, Rashmi Kabab, Tikka Kabab and Chicken Rashmi Butter Masala. I’d also like to recommend their Egg-Chicken rolls. Like I said, I will keep coming back to this place to celebrate football victories or forget heartwrenching defeats.

##

2014-12-14 10:46:19
Debdipra Datta
449527
3.5
Underrated and undiscovered. Selected items are good. Kebabs are must tries.
Despite not being such a huge brand, Shivam Dhaba prepares the best kebabs in the stretch till Mama's Kitchen. Better than Goutam's. The amazing part about their kebabs is the softness they possess. Installing an AC (other than the antique showpiece which does not work) on the 1st floor would enhance the comfort level during the summers.

##

2014-05-10 13:10:15
Udayan Das
185660
3.5
Location : At the Emergence of the EM Bypass - VIP Flyover

Food : Owned By Keshto Khandekar , also Owner of Satellite TV Systems,
              I've  often had takeaways from this place because of it's close proximity and overall good standards. 
Ordered The Chicken Reshmi Butter Masala , Chicken Bharta and a handful of Butter Rotis. Their Rotis were crisp yet soft in the middle, just the way I like it . The Bharta of theirs is truly good , lovely flavour combinations at a very very low price. Slightly buttery and very aromatic. Even the Butter Masala was nicely done. Very creamy and melts in your mouth. Perfect for a lazy night ! 

Pros : Very Economical Price, Every item on the Menu is Available.
Cons : Bad Service 

TIP : Never go to this place during Peak Hours because they have a bad habit of Misappropriating chicken pieces and always verify the number of chicken pieces before leaving or at least ask sternly !

Final Conclusion : Worth the money, probably the best Mughlai restaurant in that whole line of eateries.

##

