2018-01-12 22:38:44
Farhat Fatima
29778258
5.0
Situated on the 8th floor of the de sovrani hotel, the sky view cafe is one of the newest roof top cafes in Kolkata.
Ambience: Cozy and relaxed. Roof top amazing view of the city. Perfect for dates and hangouts
Food: Fish tikka and chicken bbq. Both were very good and pretty affordable. Hookah is available.
Staff: Very good service. Debit card might not work sometimes because of network issues at the 8th floor. Mine did work after a few tries.
To sum it up: A must visit

##

2018-01-12 19:09:32
Papiya Chowdhury
49890315
5.0
Excellent place to visit ..... very authentic food with lively shakes....with an okay hookah......I loved the view ...service is a bit slow but the executive chef ...is a person to be known as he is a smart and lovely nature guy who helped us out with the best food of the Mexican menu...we enjoyed the food very much with a lovely price...and the place is really pocket friendly.....we would like to visit again...and thanks chef for the nice evening.....

##

2018-01-12 18:50:00
Sougata Roy
49889711
4.5
This place is just awesome.. Located in salt lake near city centre 1 area..it is a 8th floor rooftop Sky view cafe. Njoy the music with  your hookah and mocktail...that part is awsum..u can have a complete look of salt lake from this cafe...there hookah, mocktail, food everything is good..and there staffs are a bit descent .. private seating, group seating also available.

Ambience - 5

Location -5

Service- 3

Prices - 4.5

Food- 5

Hookah- 4

##

2018-01-11 21:28:07
Mallhar Ghosh
230982
2.0
Located on the roof top of De Sovrani hotel, this place is good only if you want to relax in a calm environment on a sultry evening. A big no for winter visits. Decor is okay, staffs are okay, food deserves 1 out of 5 for being bad both quality and price wise. A one off visit on a sultry summer eve can be opted for but then again be ready to shake off your wallet.

##

2018-01-08 08:43:00
Trayanti Dey
15834540
2.0
This place is good enough to embrace the beauty of nature.. But foods are not worth for money.. Quantity was too less according to the price.. Margarita pizza is not even sufficient for one person.. Blueberry shake was good in taste.. And I don't know why they haven't include any hot beverages in their menu..

##

2018-01-04 21:40:49
Debarchana Sinha
5207571
2.0
Beguiling ambience. Rest everything was a let-down. We went with pinacolada, black coffee, cappuccino, breezer, chicken mexicano and murgh tikka. Pinacolada tasted nothing like it is supposed to taste but rather like banana milkshake. We mentioned this and it was replaced but the second one was as bad as the first one. Black coffee and cappuccino were disasters. They charged 150 bucks each and served in a tiny cup. Both the starters were quite bland. Service was pretty slow. A disheartening experience.

##

2018-01-03 12:30:18
Debashree
46113859
3.5
First things first. The decor and ambience of the place is peaceful and charming. Located at the seventh floor, the cafe has its own open space. Moreover, the view from the top is pleasing. 

I had ordered a Barbeque Chicken which was honestly not extraordinary. It tasted average. The menu consists of mainly starters and snacks and no main course. The Raspberry smoothie and lemon shake however, tasted nice. 

The price is reasonable. The smoothies range from 200 to 220 whereas the chicken costs 250 rupees.

In conclusion, it is a nice place to enjoy warm evenings either with a special one or on your own.

##

2018-01-03 00:52:49
Priyasa Goswami
45953090
4.5
It's an awesome place to hang out... Nd the views were amazing... I just love the place... Their foods are also very good nd their hospitality is also very good...ambience is too good...

##

2018-01-02 13:23:30
Sauradip Debray
39664706
2.0
This place is located on the 9th floor of De Sovrani Hotel. You might find it hard to find it as it has no location pop-up. The place is exquisite, wonderfully decorated with lights and other stuff. It seemed a pretty good place to sit and hangout with friends.

Menu:-

Afghani Tikka:- it consists of 5 pieces. This was mindboggling in taste. Chicken pieces were soft and pretty good at size.

Margarita Pizza:- disappointment started with this one. 4 pieces of tiniest of tiniest sizes. Nothing special in taste to cheer about. In terms of cost to quantity ratio this was a total let down.

Presto Pasta:- this one was horror. We ordered non-veg one and it didn't seem to be a non-veg one. Nothing to talk about its taste was left with utter disappointment.

Well, if you want to drink or wanna have hookah with the open sky and ambience around you will really love it but don't go its food to dampen your mood.

Note:- this place seriously needs to work on its customer handling. It took them nearly 15 minutes to take our order leaving aside its servicing time. Even it took them 10 minutes to prepare the bill.

##

2018-01-02 13:02:43
Arnab Sil
38918879
4.0
A perfect place for a date with ur loved once 😊 , superb ambience, superb view from Terrace, Quality of Foods also Remarkable..wilo be visiting again

##

2018-01-01 23:37:18
Shinjini Dasgupta
5290151
2.5
Today on 1st January I visited this place with my friends. Locating this place might be a bit difficult , it's near CC1. This place has an amazing ambience , the decoration is very classy and vibrant , perfect for a romantic date. Settling in the cosy ambience we ordered

AFGHANI TIKKA - It contained 5 big pieces of chicken well marinated in spices with a good coating. This was rich in flavour and good to taste.

OLIVERA PIZZA - Here comes the disappointment. 4 extremely small pizza slices with a plate full of tomato sauce. We didnt even need to bite the slice , it could easily go into the mouth , yes that small. The taste was okayish just like any other normal confectionery shop.

PESTO PASTA - It was also extremely less in proportion with negligible amount of chicken and veggies. And the most horrible part was it had Maggi masala flavour in it. It tasted really very bad. We had to gulp it somehow.

And again to mention their horrible service. They took 10 mins to give the bill and for starters we had to wait almost 30 mins.
Maybe this place is good to hangout and grab a drink but definitely does not serve good food.

##

2018-01-01 16:24:01
Anurag Singh
46834207
2.5
This cafe is at 9th floor of De Sovrani Hotel. 
An open air restaurant, with a great ambience.
Service is a little slow. Menu needs to be worked out. Limited options available in the menu. Sheesha is below average. No hot beverages or mocktails are available. 
Only things which works in it's favor are the location and ambience.

##

2018-01-01 11:34:52
Debasmita Dutta
287919
3.0
Had visited the place with friends on a chilly December evening. The ambience was great though it was a bit cold at the time and view from the cafe was superb to say the least. However, the food was bit of a disappointment. Coffee priced at 150 bucks was worse than what you get in roadside shops. We ordered murgh tikka and Mexican chicken none of which are worth mentioning. I'm rating the restaurant 3 for its ambience only.

##

2017-12-30 21:28:23
Ankit Surana
49217834
2.0
The ambience was good..The food is a no no and the quantity is not at all worth the money..please have serious look at the quantity.. disappointed.

##

2017-12-28 21:32:33
Rimi Nandi
29534434
3.5
The restaurant is on the top of De soverani hotel near cc 1 nd the sonnet. It's on the 8 th floor. Full marks to the ambiance but the starters are of high price and not so good. We ordered breezer nd pinacolada. Breezer was good,but pinacolada flavour was not good. Hope they will improve themselves. Will try next tym hukkas rather than food. My suggestion is some other starter menu should be added. Had gone with

##

2017-12-25 21:26:44
Akash Roy
34035379
5.0
This place deserves a 5* for the hospitality and the ambience. Went on Christmas; excellent in the evening. They do serve alcohol and it’s one of the best rooftop lounges in Kolkata. Definitely a must visit for everyone

##

2017-12-23 08:12:45
Shuvarup Sadhukhan
16137460
4.5
" Sky View Cafe " the name says it all. The cafe gives you perfect dusk scenaries to be spent with your loved ones.
Looking to spend a perfect evening?
Sky View cafe will be the ideal place with their beautifull decorations and Coldplay songs will definitely set your mood.

They have recently launched and introduced to us with The Cheesy Affair " Molten Cheese Burger " filled with a delicious patty with extra cheese.

Moving on to the food we had ~
◆ Mexican :
● Fish in Salsa Sauce
● Non Veg Fajitas
● Nachos
● Veg Tacos
● Mini Tostados
Condiments - Sour Cream, Tomato Salsa, Jalapeno stuff with cheese

◆ Chinese :
● Crispy Chilli Baby Corn
● Chicken Chilli
● Veg Hakka Noodles
● Non Veg Dimsum

◆ Desserts :
● Pina Cola Jelly
● Mousse des Fresas
● Flan de Queso y Gauyaba

Step up to the top(8th) floor of De Sovrani and grab your seats in this beautifull season of celebration !!

##

2017-12-23 02:38:51
Oishik Sarkar
3119605
5.0
Step up to the top floor of De Sovrani and you will be more than amazed by seeing their wonderful creation. A beautiful decoded cafe in the city, Oh! Its Sky View Cafe.

Rooftop cafes & restaurants isn’t very rare but the colourful ambiance, greenery, beautiful city view, pool and some delicious dishes to enjoy under the sky, combination of all this is surely rare.

Don’t believe us, just go through some of the photos of this place. Now imagine this place lit up in the evening, beautiful isn’t it?

Coming to the food here’s what we tried throughout the day…

Mexican :

Fish in Salsa Sauce : Soft juicy well cooked fish in Mexican sauce and spices.
Non Veg Fajitas : Pita bread roll with juicy tangy chicken and Mexican spices in it.
Nachos : Simply crispy Nachos with greeted cheese on top.
Veg Tacos : Real traditional Mexican Tacos with fine cut vegetables in it.
Mini Tostados : Papri chaat in Mexican avatar with sprouts & Mexican spices.
Condiments ( Sour Cream, Tomato Salsa)
Condiments : Jalapeño stuff with cheese.

Chinese :

Crispy Chilli Baby Corn : Crispy baby corns in Chinese spices all times favourite.
Veg Hakka Noodles : This noodles were garnished & served really well.
Chicken Chilly : Traditional Chinese Chilly Chicken in dry avatar. 
Non Veg Dimsum : This coloured dimsums tasted as good as it looked.

Dessert :

Pina Cola Jelly : This yellow jelly was wobbling continuously.
Mousse des Fresas : Mousse with real strawberry with chocolate layer on top.
Flan de Queso y Guayaba : Delicious sweet pudding, it was lovely.

And obviously their Signature Dish Molten Cheese Burger that we covered. This burger was huge and as per the name it was so cheesy. A bite into the patty of the burger and molten cheese came outside.

We also had Mixed Fruit Fizzy and Planters Punch in Mock-tails and Cocktails and both were refreshing. With these a Hookah was must and that was also made to be smooth.

Overall we spent an wonderful time over here, now its your turn. This simple yet peaceful place is perfect to spent the evening with your loved one on this festive season of Christmas and New Year.

##

2017-12-21 21:25:13
Pritish Roy Chowdhury
3092941
4.5
With the open sky ceiling SKY VIEW is definitely the place to be this winter. Placed at top floor of De Sovrani building this place oozes an ambience like none other.Simple yet beautiful. The panaromic view of the city is big thumbs up. Along with finger licking Mexican and Chinese dishes they came up with their winter special Molten Cheese Burger is sure to bring the buzz in town
. Cocktails Starters Dessert whatever may it be they know what to do. Commendable staff and service.
The menu includes:-

Mexican :

Fish in salsa sauce

Non Veg Fajitas

Nachos

Veg Tacos

Mini Tostados

Condiments ( Sour Cream, Tomato Salsa)

Condiments: Jalapeño stuff with cheese

Chinese :

Crispy chilli baby corn

Veg hakka noodles

Chicken chilly

Non veg dimsum

Dessert :

Pina Cola jelly

Mousse des Fresas

Flan de Queso y Guayaba

##

2017-12-21 21:21:43
Sharmita Bhattacharya
726062
5.0
A rooftop cafe with a view to kill, SKY VIEW CAFE is located on the top floor of Hotel De Sovrani near City Center 1. Chilled ambiance, with some great music playing in the background, this place is love especially for enjoying the misty winter chill and festive spirits with Christmas and New year round the corner. Team Munching Monks  was invited yesterday for the launch of a special item: SPECIAL MOLTEN CHEESE CHICKEN BURGER and had a lovely time munching on it along with the other new freshly crafted  items for this year's Christmas Menu. There are new additions for both Mexican and Chinese dishes and everything tasted fantastic. Here's what we tried:


Mexican :

*Fish in salsa sauce 
*Non Veg Fajitas
*Nachos
*Veg Tacos
*Mini Tostados
*Condiments ( Sour Cream, Tomato Salsa)
*Condiments: Jalapeño stuff with cheese

Chinese :

*Crispy chilli baby corn
*Veg hakka noodles
*Chicken chilly
*Non veg dimsum

Dessert :

*Pina Cola jelly
*Mousse des Fresas
*Flan de Queso y Guayaba
For Mocktails and Cocktails, we had the most refreshing Mixed Fruit Fizzy and Planters Punch respectively. I also loved their Hookah, very smooth and lasted long enough for us to enjoy it along with the winter breeze. 

Thanks Kamalini Paul for the Invitation and Sumit Dasgupta for the excellent hospitality ! 
Thanks  Tanmay Basak for leading us as always.

##

2017-12-21 15:03:01
Somnath Sinha
2205858
5.0
'Sky View' cafe is the perfect melange of great food and great ambience. This rooftop cafe of De Sovrani is the place to be this winter. With their new Mexican and Chinese menu along with their signature dish "Molten Cheese Burger", 'Sky View/ is ready to offer you not just food,but an experience as well.

The menu includes:-
 Mexican :

Fish in salsa sauce
Non Veg Fajitas
Nachos
Veg Tacos
Mini Tostados
Condiments ( Sour Cream, Tomato Salsa)
Condiments: Jalapeño stuff with cheese

Chinese :

Crispy chilli baby corn
Veg hakka noodles
Chicken chilly
Non veg dimsum

Dessert :

Pina Cola jelly
Mousse des Fresas
Flan de Queso y Guayaba

Thanks Kamalini Paul for the Invitation!!
Thanks Sumit Dasgupta for the arrangement and hospitality !
Thanks to Tanmay Basak for leading us.

##

2017-12-20 15:50:58
Sriparna Ghosh (thewineanddinestory)
989836
4.0
This new rooftop cafe is still unknown to many due to the lack of promotion but this place deserves a lot more attention and appreciation!

3 minutes walk from City Centre 1, this cafe is on the roof top of De Sovrani hotel and opens at 4pm. The seating arrangements are great and can easily accommodate 40 people.

They have a wonderful playlist which adds to the beautiful ambiance. The volume will not make you feel dizzy unlike few other places. You can have conversation at peace.

The service is too good! Loved their hospitality. Food is good but have rooms for improvement. Menu option is limited at the moment but hopefully they will add new items soon. Price is quite reasonable.

Recommended!

##

2017-12-08 14:55:29
Abdhini Biswas
47508606
1.0
Well the management is so dumb headed that they don't mention online weather a private party is going or not and then they don't let it people coming from far.. disguisting 
Atleast they should have the courtesy to tell please call and then only u can come to the cafe

##

2017-11-26 17:39:05
Arpit Khanna
36370401
1.0
The quantity of food is too low.
Song of choice is too bad and they don't change the song even after telling.
Don't visit this Cafe and waste your money
They should increase the food items too

##

2017-11-22 11:51:53
Sangita Sengupta
1951596
1.5
Nothing impressive.Been here yesterday around 6:30.No great view from the top either.The place was too dimly lit.Limited food & drink menu.The staff though very polite was not week trained.Service delayed.The place bugged by mosquitos.

##

2017-11-20 10:15:15
Chandni Chakraborty
27089110
4.5
Breath taking view from sky high and equally appetizing food; this is exactly what SKY VIEW CAFE gifted us this winter. De Sovrani‘s rooftop cafe is perfect place to spend quality time in the open air with that dimly lit ambiance, I am sure this is going to be a wonderful experience. Up above such high building with some delicious food for your soul; perfect in every way.
                                                                ...

##

2017-11-20 00:04:05
Ishaan Roy
14611871
4.0
To start with, the ambience was perfect as it should be in a sky lounge along with good music
We ordered beers, Honey hookah, Paneer Shashlik kababs, Mahi fish tikka & Pasta arabiata
The hookah was fine, Mahi fish tikka was more like chicken tikka, we even got confused at its 1st bite... The pasta was good but should had been accompanied with a garlic bread. Staff behaviour and serving time was also good.
Overall it's a good place to hangout with your friends.

##

2017-11-17 21:05:37
Gaurav Roy
1224490
4.5
Nice place. Should have some more variety of food and drinks. Would definitely recommend and can't wait to visit again! Keep up the good job guys!

##

2017-11-16 00:28:07
Sumana Mandal
4644921
4.5
Kolkata is upping its game in the rooftop cafe scene by leaps and bounds. Sky View Cafe by Hotel De Sovrani near CC1 is the newest and one of the most affordable addition in town that serves an array of cocktails & mocktails, finger food (veg & non veg) and hookah.
● Ambience: As good as a rooftop cafe can be. Open air, Comfy seating arrangements, potted plants hither and thither, decorated with fairy lights and a fair mix of music plays along.
● Beverages:
* Painkiller: A twist on the good old Pinacolada. A rich and fruity cocktail. Coconut cream, orange juice and pineapple juice join White Rum in this drink, topped off with a dash of nutmeg sprinkle.
* Mojito: White Rum based cocktail. Rum, lime juice and soda punched together to make the holy concoction, served with a dash of mints and lime wedges.
* Sunset: A colourful mocktail made up of orange and lemon juice; served on a glass having the bottom coated with a hint of rose syrup.
* Blue Moon and dark Night: Another mocktail with a base of pepsi or cola punched with lemon juice and blue curacao.
*Fresh lime soda.

● Food:
As it's a rooftop cafe, it caters finger food mainly. Some of the things i tasted are : 
* Margherita pizza 
* Penne Arabiata
* Bbq Pineapple
* Tandoori aloo (Recommended)
* Bbq chicken
* Afghani Tikka (Recommended!!)
* Chinese sizzler (veg)
* Continental sizzler (non veg)

●  Hookah: Thankfully they serve hookah which is a yay from me.
* Loved their bubblegum & mint flavour.
* The brain freezer is fair enough as well.

A new addition to the salt lake sector 1 area, Sky View Cafe is going to be one hell of a hangout place undoubtedly because of it location, ambience and services.
Good wishes!

##

2017-11-15 23:34:07
Jaydeep Seth
20329657
4.5
Time to go up and up… Height matters…!! What else do u want in this winter.. A rooftop with hookah, food and drinks…!! Go for cocktails or mocktails.. Who else dnt wanna relax with some adda shadda having a view of the whole city… From howrah bridge & hoogly bridge to Big ben of Laketown… Yes.. A new rooftop cafe is in the list again in the city at Hotel De Sovrani ie. SKY VIEW CAFE. Perfect for this upcoming winter…!!
                    

Price- Don’t hesitate to go… Even it is at 4 Star Hotel, price range is very reasonable…. Pizzas and pastas starting at 200 bucks with chicken kebab items too at the range of 200 and hookah starting at 250 bucks.

Starting with Hookah.. Lovely ..!! It lasted very long .. We took two hookah, both are nice. Both brain freezer and rasna flavors are nice. Looking forward to visit this place again with my close buddies for chilling out again.

Another attraction is that they having a live kitchen at that place with barbeque arrangements too. The seating capacity is around 50.

The food and drinks that I loved the most was Afghani Tikka, Continental Sizzler, BBQ Chicken and Chinese Sizzler. If you are a non vegetarian I will suggest to have Aghani tikka and BBQ Chicken at this place. Highly Recommended.
                                          ...

##

2017-11-15 23:06:29
Subhalaxmi Nath
36270805
4.5
Creating a new buzz in the city,De sovrani launched their stupendous and incredible SKY VIEW CAFE.
The view of the city from this place is breath taking.
If you visit this place at the time of sunset you can experience the beautiful sky painted with different colours and this view is gonna leave you awestruck.
With stunning view ,this place doesn't lag behind in offering appetizing food.
You can choose from their wide range of assorted cocktails & mocktails or opt for some perfectly grilled succulent kebabs.Each of their dish is equally lip smacking.

Their quirky decor with dim lighting will set your mood right for a great evening.The vibrant coloured bottles painted with funky designs adds a fun element to the ambiance.
The staff was extremely helpful and courteous.
Sky view cafe is located on the 9th floor of hotel de sovrani,5 mins walk from City centre 1.

Coming to the lip smacking food we ordered:-

DRINKS:-
♡Sunset-It was a fruit juice based mocktail with a mix of red and orange colour and looked exactly like  sunset.
♡Painkiller-This is a pineapple based cocktail with a strong flavour of nutmeg.
♡Blue moon and dark night-Another lovely drink with 2 layers of colour. Base was of green colour and top was of brown colour.
♡Fresh lime soda-Perfectly done sweet lime soda.
♡Spicy mojito-Mojito combined with the freshness of pudina and a dash of spices was added to give a nice flavour .

GRILLED DELICACY :-
♡Tandoori Aloo-Baby potatoes mixed with spices and grilled perfectly.It had a nice flavour and freshness of coriander.This was served with onion rings and pudina chutney.
♡BBQ Pineapple-Never thought that pineapple would taste so yum when grilled.This was a totally new dish and i was so fascinated by the taste. The pineapple pieces tasted both sweet and spicy at the same time.
♡Afghani chicken-Tender and juicy chicken pieces marinated with spices and grilled to perfection.The plating was amazing with onion rings and a dash of lemon.
♡BBQ Chicken-Chicken satay seasoned and skewered on a tandoor.

SIZZLER:-
1.Continental sizzler-Flavoured rice served with chicken satay sticks.The presentation was beautiful and tasted delicious
2.Chinese sizzler-Noodles served with a concoction of different types of vegetables and served atop cabbage bowl.

PIZZA & PASTA
♡Margarita pizza-Laded with cheese and veggies ,it tasted nice. The one thing that i did not like in this pizza was the base. The base tasted like the one available in stores.
♡Penne pasta-The pasta was cooked perfectly but the flavour was not upto the mark.

The prices was reasonable.The main thing that i liked about was the dishes were beautifully plated.
So head to this awesome place and enjoy the romantic weather with yummy dishes.
Kudos to the team for great service and food.
Would love to visit again.

##

2017-11-15 16:57:16
Arnab Ganguly
14634791
4.5
Sky View Cafe is a rooftop venture by "De Sovrani"  to celebrate the spectacular view of kolkata from the 9th floor,where the food,hookah and drink's get's in perfect harmony as the horizon set's itself for you to set your imaginations to sail,summit your thought's and celebrate an evening with your family and friends.

A perfect escapadé from the chaos on "ground"

The tempting smell of thr sizzlers rises the tension of your tastebuds and the soothing taste of the cocktail which emerges from the twist added by the chef adds to the overall experience.

Menu Card :

 • Drink's (4/5)

✓Spiced Mojito
✓Painkiller
✓Blue moon (Mocktail)
✓Blue Moon and dark night (Mocktail)
✓	Fresh lime (Sweet) 
✓Sunset (Mocktail)

•Pizza 🍕 (4/5)

✓Pizza – Multi grain pizza where the capsicums flirt's with the mozarella and cheese,blend of each,giving it a taste which'll rejuvenate your tastebuds.

• Pasta (4/5)

✓Penne pasta - a cheesy affair,vibrant flavours and the implementation of sweet corn bringing out the taste in it's full glory.

• Tandoor & Kebab (5/5)

✓Tandoori Aloo - The potatoes are given justice by application of right amount of indian spices,perfect cooked,giving it a soft inner lining for the flavours to settle in.Served with mint chutney.
✓Afghani Chicken(Recommended) - Rich creamy appetizer made from chicken marinated with cashewnuts which add a delicious richness to this delectable chicken.
✓Barbeque Chicken - The tantalising aroma of the Barbequed chicken and the flavours,so tempting,that it'll linger in your senses.
✓Pineapple kebabs – The tangy flavour of sauce perfectly blends with the sweet fibres of pineapple and the correct amount of spices adds to the sophisticated flavour of the dish

• Sizzlers (4.5/5)

✓Chinese Sizzler - This sizzler is undoubtedly tasty & sizzling, laden with a exotic chinese flavours and spices. All favorite hakka chow enveloped in cabbage leaf's,creates a beautiful presentation scenario for the food lovers to enjoy.
✓Continental Sizzler - Aromatic rice 🍚,served with chicken sticks and assorted veggies

So,puff puff,let the smoke of the hookah be carried by the wind and let the sky hold you tight and let your soulnset free in the lap of the horizon.

Soul Trippin'

##

2017-11-15 15:14:25
Esita Mitra
2411784
4.5
De Sovrani has a new venture up its sleeves.This one is their roof top Sky view cafe.Living up to its name,the cafe gives you an unlimited view of the sky.Colorful bottles hanging from overhead,butterfly cutouts on the wall make up for a  picture perfect decor.The roof top deck has a bar counter at one end and a live grill counter on the other.Seated in one of the chairs ,one can relax with a signature cocktail from the bar gazing at the sun setting at the horizon .Doesn't that already sound romantic?

Coming to the food,this cafe knows exactly what the youth is looking for and so the menu is all about nibbles to go with your drink.On my spread

🍁Murgh Afghani tikka--Smoky flavour as you bite into the soft pieces.

🍁Bbq chicken--chicken pieces tossed with barbeque sauce gives a tangy spicy flavour.

🍁Tandoori Aloo--Spicy potatoes with a touch of coriander on top.The presentation takes away the crown for this dish.

🍁Bbq pineapple-- This one deserves a special mention for its tangy refreshing distinct taste.I gobbled up 3-4 pieces at a go😂

🍁Margarita pizza-- Crunchy thin base topped with veggies and lots of cheese ,this is a small serving.

🍁Penne Arabiata--This one comes in veg and non-veg variation.You can customised the pasta type from penne or spaghetti with white or red sauce. 

🍁Chilly paneer sizzler--Spicy paneer with tangy lemony taste served with a side of spicy hakka noodles on a bed of lettuce leaves.

🍁Bbq chicken sizzler--chicken grilled on a toothpick served with lightly spiced fried rice on a bed of lettuce leaves.

On my drinking list was

🍁Sunset--Fruit based Mocktail with a sweet taste of orange coming through.

🍁Painkiller--This one is not for the faint hearted.With a pineapple base ,this a spiced rum cocktail.Take a sip and you will get a taste of spiced coming through

🍁Spicy Mojito--Spice up your date with a sip in this spicy mojito.

🍁Fresh lime soda-- This was the sweet and salty end to the evening.

You can even witness the live grilling of meat and the whipping up of the fresh pasta salads from the chef.The hookah is one more special mention from this joint.Light flavours ranging from grape and double apple to strong ones are available.My pick would be the house special ---Brainfreezer. The cafe is here to stay for long and wish them all the best for that.

##

2017-11-15 03:29:04
The Foodinista
31649667
4.5
Baby, it’s cold outside – but it’s cool, too. De Sovrani have woken up to the fact that they could all do with a bit of festive cheer at this time of year by transforming their rooftop spaces into winter-themed pop-ups. It’s the news we’ve all been waiting for – De Sovrani’s rooftop cafe has officially started it’s journey.
                                                                ...

##

2017-11-15 02:14:56
Akash
29069086
4.5
Rooftop café is one of the trending things, which the people of City of Joy is witnessing for recent few years! And in that trending crown, Team De Sovrani added their name few days ago by launching their own rooftop café named as SKY VIEW CAFE.

Visited this restaurant on its opening day with bunch f my foodie friends.

The restaurant located at the 9th floor of the Hotel De Sovrani, near CC1. So be ready to explore the city from its heart.

Now come to the point, why you choose this Café -

1. One of the affordable Rooftop café in the city.

2. Enjoy the surrounding view of The City of Joy with some lip smacking food.

3. Cheap Hookah counter, probably the cheapest in the Saltlake area.

4. Wide range of food, from Kebab to Pizza everything is available there.

5. Live counter for food.

The food we tried were - 

1. Sunset - Fruit juice based mocktail with the perfect colouration of sunset. Orange juice infusion was really noticeable..
2. Painkiller - Pineapple juice based drink with mild flavour. Okey okay type it was.
3.Margarita Pizza - Small sized pizza served with lots of cheese on top. Just add little oregano ans chilli flakes and you are ready to go.
4. Tandoori Aloo - Grilled aloo with spicy coating over top was served with onion and green chutney. The coriander touch over it makes is super tasty. Must try item for Veg lovers.
5. Penne Pasta - As the have live pasta counter, so you will get huge types of option according to your taste. We decided to go for Penne with red sauce. It was good in taste but I feel the lack of creamy flavour into it.
6. Pineapples Kebab - This was the first time I have tried such dish. The pineapple pieces were litely grilled and the sour touch of the fruit added some exceptional taste into it.
7. Afghani Chicken - Six pieces juicy soft chicken pieces were served in a plate with green chutney. The Chicken were all juicy, tender and well marinated. Love the taste.
8. BBQ Chicken - Spicy flavoured six pieces chicken were served in very decorative way. The BBQ flavour was intact in the chicken and there were toothpick, piercing the chicken pieces. Nice as a quick bite item.
9. Blue Moon and dark night - Another bi-coloured mocktail served in very careful way. The Pepsi infusion in the drink added the black coloured ring inside the glass. Love it.
10. Fresh Lime Soda - Plain lime soda with traditional taste. Not so special about it.
11. Spicy Mojito - Classic flavoured Mojito served with lots of spices and mint leaves. The taste of the Mojito may get lost a little bit, but the masala infusion was really well.
12. Chinese Sizzler - Portion of noodles were swerved with with lots of veggies. The noodles and veggies were beautifully presented in a cabbage nest. The taste was good like itz look.
13. Continental Sizzler - Portion of rice was served with six pieces of chicken sticks and assorted veggies. The rice was well cooked and the chicken sticks were heavenly in nature.

Overall food quality were good and when you compare the price tag with the quality of the food, you will find it amazing.

So when you are getting so much options at a single place, why miss it? And good news is yet to end! To keep this launching party memorable, Team De Sovrani gave us full 20% discount our bill.

So think later and be a part of a memorable journey because Sky View Café is always there to serve you some quality time with quality foods. Overall an good dining experiences.

##

2017-11-14 22:47:22
Mohit Kejriwal
30283038
4.5
Imagine snoozing in a mouthful of hookah and thereafter facing vertically 90 degrees upwards to snooze out, only to realize that the sight you can see is a hazy evening, a rising moon and a few dim-lit stars – instead of the false ceiling you always see at a closed space inside any hookah bar or café!

Just the thought of this makes us go berserk! And yes, this is what defines the experience at the newest addition to Kolkata based cafes – we present to you the “Sky View Café”. In a city with severe lack of roof top experience-providing outlets, the SVC is welcomed with open hands!

Strength of the place is approx. 40-odd heads and believe me that the place was fully packed on the weekday evening we visited them, only God knows how they handle the weekend crowds!

Location – Roof top of the popular De Sovrani Hotel bang opposite City Center 1 (Saltlake, Sector 1).

We foodies had the below items at this recently launched café: -

(i)	Sunset (Mocktail) – This seemed more like a welcome drink – a juice based mocktail!

(ii)	Pizza – Under-grilled multi-grain pizzas served with overflowing mozzarellas, loads of yellow and green capsicums and other veggies was a winner, especially when had with oregano seasonings and chilly flakes!

(iii)	Tandoori Aloo - Served with lachcha onions and mint chutney, these were so nice to be eaten as if there exists no tomorrow, the coriander toppings doing perfect justice to its taste as well as presentation!

(iv)	Penne pasta – Can never have enough of this dish – had both the red sauce as well as white sauce ones – still unable to decide which one was better! Thanks for the spaghetti and corn too!

(v)	Pineapple kebabs – Hands down the best I have ever eaten in my life, a touch sour than other restros generally serve. Optimum spices and sauces made this just the perfect pineapple-a-kebab!

(vi)	Blue moon (Mocktail) – May be this is the brother of the “Blue Lagoon” mocktail, but tastes equally good, if not more!

(vii)	Blue Moon and dark night (Mocktail) – Pepsi imbibed to the above mocktail, imparting it just the perfect presentation, and also the taste! 

(viii)	Fresh lime (Sweet) – Was so well prepared, I had the same in a single go!

(ix)	Chilly Paneer sizzler – Could not have asked for something better, this one was indeed the show stopper, sautéed vegetables with paneer along with lovely noodles, think 10 times before eating, since this sizzler is just too hot and tasty to handle!

In a nutshell, expect exceptional food and ambience at reasonable prices! Their service and food presentation stand out from the rest in the industry!

Some big congratulations to the De Sovrani Hotel for the latest feather in their cap and wishing them loads of success!

##

2017-11-14 22:26:52
Shaurya Khilani
6429431
5.0
It's astoundingly refreshing to view the city from the rooftop while buzzing on the great hukkah served here. The service is great and the food was delightful. If you are looking for a chill evening, this is the place to be.

##

2017-11-14 19:06:28
Kushan Paul
44317543
5.0
The place is well organised and good food and good hookah and people who work is very good and gentlemen and more lights should must be out and songs should change a little

##

