2017-10-26 09:55:28
Sarbani Bagchi
32791590
4.0
I had been to soul cafe on a rainy afternoon. The ambience is very pretty. There is an outdoor sitting arrangement as well. The staffs and their service are prompt. Coming to the food, I had taken a penne pasta in mushroom sauce and pancakes which were served with maple syrup and a dusting of castor sugar. Both of them tasted very nice. 
The only let downs here is the pricing and quantity of food (which is very less compared to the charges) Apart from GST they levy a 10% of service charge. 
Other than these all's good in Soul Cafe.

##

2017-10-25 13:53:42
Shayoni Mukherjee
698931
3.0
Zeroed upon this cafe to meet a few friends owing to the lovely reviews about food and ambiance. Ordered a double flavoured Sheesha along with cocktails and sideys! Nothing out of the world to report about the sheesha. The Screwdrivers we had were pretty ordinary served with minimum fancy fare. Drunken shrimps were just ok and the bacon wrapped chicken was pretty mundane too. Quantity was less. The bill was so exorbitant that we could have easily had a sumptuous dinner at a fine dining. Service was ok although there was a slight issue of misinformation. Ambiance just fine. No reasons to return basically!

##

2017-09-10 11:57:31
Siddhi Newatia
3761881
3.0
Cheese mushroom omelette was average and vegetable tempura was good. Ambience and music was good. The cafe was empty but still no staff to attend us every few minutes. I don't think it's a place I would like to visit again.

##

2017-09-09 23:41:08
Pratyusa Bhattacharya
1275523
4.0
This place is located close to Quest Mall , a little towards Ballygunge, on the left. The interiors are spacious, and decorated with interesting lights that are also customised according to the mood of the people sitting on the tables. Like for example, if you think the lights are too bright , they might turn up with a candle, that is placed on your table to keep out the unnecessary glare. The cafe is themed like a typical health cafe, with images of Buddha and all , but the abundance of hookah smoke inside reminds you that, well, they served hookah too. Coming to the service , the staff here are attentive , and the service is fairly quick. The Grasshopper is an ice cream based mocktail that tastes good , and looks green too( health conscious, remember?) The bacon wrapped chicken they serve does taste good , though the bacon has a tad too much fat in it. The non veg triple dipper is a good choice if you're out in a group of 3-4 , as it offers variety. The drunken shrimps , however , taste very basic , and is not value for money . The shisha served here comes in dual flavours , as is usual in other cafes , though the coal runs out of steam pretty soon. The music here is loud , and the young , Insta happy crowd is louder, so do beware of breaks in your conversation. Overall , a nice place to visit if your on the lookout for a hookah bar that also serves great food .

##

2017-09-03 21:29:08
Rahul 'Bubai' Bose
1390297
4.0
INice cafe in a nice location , and an awesome substitute to have breakfast for those people who wanna have it from somewhere except flury's . flury's has been a trademark since long and these guys at soul are giving a tough go to all who wanna go on for quality breakfast without avoiding a huge pocket pinch .
Their english breakfast is just awesome , and what I liked was their poached eggs and bacon , both were perfectly done .
They have a perfect array of desserts and even a nice tasting collection of pasta , all perfectly done.
Had breakfast with my family , was a bit uncertain about their perfomance since I was new to this place but I must say these guys really held me up , kudos people . Nice job done , keep up with the good work .
Hope to visit you guys real soon .

##

2017-07-29 08:27:45
Abhinandan Jain
540332
4.0
A good decent place, located in ballygunge, very near to quest mall.
It has 3 sections, one right at the entrance - generally students / college goers prefer that seating, 2nd being slightly inside, it has a good different aroma all together & 3rd one,lastly, is the  open roof area - which i liked the most.
Specially during the winters or pleasant weathers, one would prefer that area.
Very reasonable - shisha was great.
Aquib was the hookah man who had served in our  table.
Staff was also very courteous & helpful in recommending what to eat & what not to.
Will surely visit again.

##

