2016-09-17 18:00:47
Arkaprabha Mukherjee
224624
1.0
If it was possible to give a ZERO, I would have. I have seen roadside biryani stalls before, and they serve good stuff, but there simply isn't any justification to what STAR MANTI serves. A packet containing tasteless and flavorless colored rice with undercooked pieces of chicken. If this is what biryani means, then the end is really nigh. Awful biryani, unhygienic environment - ZERO POINTS.

##

2016-08-06 13:48:26
Dhruba Banerjee
35068401
1.0
This place is not even a proper food joint. You will find a pot where the biriyani is being cooked and just a few chairs. And not to mention the biriyani tastes like crap. Avoid at all costs.

##

2015-05-06 11:53:40
Sourav Saha
1305220
3.0
My cousin is a member of the club nearby, which has a small field, which this shop uses as a place to cook biriyani. The place is manifested with rats, cockroaches. Ive had food from this place many a times but hv never found anything but the kitchen is that dirty

Well, I am a daily commuter in this area,its located opposite to Kasba Post office, Ballygunge, a few yards ahead of Mio Amor( previously known as Monginis) and have been to this outlet several times. They don't have dine-in feature, and ambiance is noisy and a bit unhygienic, as its a roadside stall. Its not been long since this shop has opened and attracts many passer-by's attention. At the beginning, their quality and quantity was commendable, but within a month or two, the prices were hiked by Rs. 10 for each dish.There were no improvements in quality or quantity, nor did the market prices hike for the cooking ingredients, I can assure you that. If you get good taste, you are just lucky. Mostly, they put in a huge potato in the box, reducing on the quantity of Rice,a well executed strategy. Many a times, they mix the morning's stock with the fresh evening's stock, and thus, the whole thing gets a rotten smell and taste, still they sell it. My mom calls it, Khatta Biriyani. As per the location, its slightly overpriced as Ballygunge is one of the cheapest markets in Kolkata. Cross the street , go straight and take the lane on the right... after walking a few steps you get HENA Biriyani, which serves a lot better in terms of quantity, and prices are comparatively low as well. Even they degrade sometime, but they don't sell you Rotten stuff, they have fresh stock all the time, because their location is more populated

##

