2017-04-30 13:23:25
Sreeja Bhowmik
34335470
5.0
This is a review after a long long time..I ordered a cake for my parent's anniversary..It was super delicious and perfect from every angle..Not too creamy it was loved by all non-cream cake eaters..there was a touch of perfection and care as the customisation was beautifully done too..I would love to buy cake from Sweta ma'am some other time again..

##

2017-02-02 16:23:24
Foodie Fork
101634
5.0
I am from Delhi, and Wanted to send cake to our team manager situated at Kolkata. After trying many other places and got refused, some due to online payment constraint and some due to their minimum amount and some due to distance and what not. Post all this this Bakery came as a Savior. 

The operator was very soft spoken and was clear in understanding my requirements and customization. We Finalized 1.5 pound cake plus a little message from the team (no extra cost). Payment was done using paytm easily and everything was well coordinated on watsapp. The cake was delivered on time and they made 1.5 pound to 2 pounds without adding extra cost, the operator said 1.5 was looking small so we made it 2 and you need not pay anything extra. 

The cake looked beautiful and got the feedback from person that it tasted also very nice. Also the message we sent was also drafted very beautifully and artistically. The nice food, warm hospitality and that extra effort they have put in. It well deserved 5/5. Keep up the good work guys :)

##

2016-08-06 10:44:32
Indrajit Lahiri
542545
4.0
Kolkata cookery scenario is opening up to new-age home-based food-entrepreneurs and sometime back, we had the privilege of meeting one such home-baker from Kolkata – Sweta Kumar. She stays in Highland’s Park, on E M Bypass and can be accessed via her FB page. Just for the records, she also has got a listing in Zomato .

The good part of this homebakers is they normally prepare the items themselves, hence, the “personal touch” is always there. The ingredients used, normally are top notch and not compromised upon, and the result is seen on the output. The price may be a little above the run-on-the-mills bakery shops, but since when good items were available in cheap rate ?

Details:-

Sweta can be contacted/ accessed via her Facebook page and via her review page in Zomato . The phone number is +91 9830974709 and can be contacted directly.

The experience:-

Sweta operates from a home kitchen in her apartment and is soon planning to expand to a proper commercial setup, however, it never stopped her from showcasing her designer skills in cake baking and decoration. So, enough is enough and I must start with my foodie journey here.

Firstly, we were served some Blueberry muffins and assorted tarts. The muffin was fine, but the strawberry tart just blew us off. It was brilliant. With real strawberry crush nestled in homemade tart-shells, it was nothing short of magic.

The next item was some veg spring rolls with schezwan sauce and English tea cake slices. The veg spring roll was a welcome change from the sweet attack (Its not that we didn’t like them… LOL). The spring rolls were stuffed with shredded cabbage, carrot and onions and flavored with garlic. Deep fried, they were pretty good.

I am never a tea cake loving person, but what I tasted here, was something different. These were extremely light and fluffy and was a treat…

Next was the big boy’s game where 3 types of cakes were served, all different from the other. The first one was Kiwi cake with real kiwi slices on top and crush in between layers, next was res velvet cake (star of the show) and finally a chocolate truffle cake. Kiwi cake was damn good. With real slices and crush (which is a rarity) the soft, moist cake was extremely light on palate.

Chocolate truffle cake was good, pretty soft and filled with chocolate, but star of the show was yet to come- the Red Velvet cake. I’ve been to many a bakefests and am a regular for these “upmarket” cake shops, but seldom I’ve seen such a subtle, soft-inside cake. Actually even a non-sweet-tooth person like me can have at least half-a-pound of the same at one go. And, god bless this lady for making it less sweetened. Few people understand the fact that over-sweetness doesn’t mean a better taste (it applies not only to cakes, IMHO) ….. I’ll again come back for these, at least…

In between somewhere, to cut the monotonous taste, she offered us some chicken quiche…. Crispy shells, soft cheesy stuffing, a little less spicy (frankly, I would love them to be a tinge more spicier), but worth tasting.

Lastly, we were served chicken with tossed bell peeper and onion. If was a much toned down version of chilly chicken and good one for the faint-hearted. But, I again asked her for one more slice of her red-velvet cake and she happily offered.

Ok, as usual, we were full and happy and almost were about to leave, when she gifted us one of her goodie bags, which consisted of muffins and plum cake and a box of homemade chocolates. My son thanked her afterwards for the same.

Well, so, go ahead and place an order to her for your occasions…. she arranges to deliver the items within Kolkata and the pricing is somewhere between 350 – 450/- per pound of cake.

All photographs are provided (thankfully) by subhadip Mukherjee (tagged)

##

2016-04-28 19:32:43
Madhurima Ray
775648
4.5
i take this opportunity to convey my heartfelt thanks to Sweta for my making my 29th birthday an absolute delight with the gorgeous looking n lip smacking tasty cake that she baked for me. i acknowledge her sincere efforts n appreciate the precision with which she has worked through every detail. i have never seen such a beautiful cake in all these years.. it was equally painful to slice it up. but really thank you so much. . would love to have more from u n try out all the varieties... i strongly recommend  everyone to opt for her delicacies ... sets the party mood right n brings a smile on u right from the heart... FANTABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!

##

2016-03-28 11:37:04
Priyanka Gupta
987475
3.5
I order one of my birthday cakes from here! Sweta was very co operative and was ready to help ke with anything I wanted  on the cake. I ordered from the mixed fruit cake. The cake was good, I could smell eggs in it though! Fluffy creamy and fruity..  Thats what u expect.

##

2016-02-15 15:34:33
Shruti Sinha
32282237
4.5
I came to know about Sweta's Bake through Zomato. After a lot of research and reading all the reviews, I decided to visit this sweet lady home baker Mrs. Sweta Kumar. I wanted a simple and delicious cake for my boyfriend on the very next day, which was Valentines day. Though highly priced, usually we don't get fresh quality and desired kind of cakes in many bakery shops. So I was little bit unsure about the cake.
Mrs. Sweta made this lovely Fresh Fruit Cake with fresh vanilla cream. Very Tasty, Yummy and Soft at a very adorable cost. Yes, this was my first visit but not d last. I must say I have found a good baker. Very happy with the service.
Lastly, I will personally like to thank you Mrs Sweta , for this delicious cake. Both me and my boyfriend Srijon loved every bite of it. This was my perfect Valentines Date.
People who are looking for tasty, fresh, hygienic, desired kind of desserts and bakery , Sweta's Bake is an ideal place.

##

2015-12-08 20:56:36
Anirban Halder
122104
4.0
It was my first visit to a home baker and I was looking forward to this Saturday evening invitation last month. When I arrived, my blogger friends were already settled down. Mrs Sweta Kumar (the baker) and her family welcomed me to their apartment in Hiland Park, a posh housing complex on EM Bypass in extreme south Kolkata. Sweta operates from here under the name Sweta’s Bakes. 

The first thing to munch on was freshly fried vegetable spring rolls served with chili Schezwan sauce. The filling was wholesome and tasty and it went well with the tad sweet, thin chili sauce though I thought the crust could be a bit thinner.

Next came the chicken quiche. It was different from the one we see in the cake shops. The filling was inside a tart shell. There was molten cheese on top of the filling. The ingredients were top notch, however, it failed to appeal to me. For quiche, my vote goes for the classic recipe of a soft pastry cup filled with baked chicken with cheese, which is best made at Cakes, the chain shop.

When it came to her products I got off the mark with the English tea cakes which followed. It was delicious. With a masterly balanced sweetness and the generous dollops of butter used in it, it struck the right chord with my palate with its smell and taste. Indrajit recommended one of the tarts.

Next came the chicken quiche. It was different from the one we see in the cake shops. The filling was inside a tart shell. There was molten cheese on top of the filling. The ingredients were top notch, however, it failed to appeal to me. For quiche, my vote goes for the classic recipe of a soft pastry cup filled with baked chicken with cheese, which is best made at Cakes, the chain shop.

I also sampled the blueberry muffin. It was well made, like the tea cake. Sweta was telling us how she became a home baker in a self-taught manner. She attended bakery workshops by chefs but found it difficult to replicate the same cakes baking at home with the same ingredients. Her family supports her endeavour and takes pride in it. While her elder daughter helps her a lot, she also happens to be her toughest critic. And I think it’s bliss to have a sharp critic at home. 

We now cut the red velvet cake. And the very first bite got us hooked! We were bowled over by it by the time we finished our slices. Even those who don’t have a sweet tooth will like it. The sponge, the frosting, all were perfect to the core. The frosting tasted better as it was fresh, and the sweetness was just right. The chocolate truffle cake came after this, but I was not in a much of a mood to let the wonderful feeling of the red velvet cake be spoilt by it. I nevertheless tried a small slice, and it was good too. Not overwhelmingly sweet again, with good quality chocolate.

Sweta conducts workshops at her residence (suitable for freshers). A range of cakes, muffins and tarts is taught over 3 hours and participants can take home their baked stuff. It costs Rs 1500 per participant. 

Anybody who has a thing for dry cakes can mentally bookmark Sweta’s Bakes. The other cakes and muffins, including choco walnut brownie, are top notch. By the way, she makes pretty good chocolates too. I sampled all this later thanks to her gift hamper. 

As the countdown for Christmas has begun, Shweta is preparing to bake plum cake (which is a personal favourite and symbolizes this time of the year to me, among other things) and other Christmas cakes.

Here’s hoping a great Christmas of baking to Sweta. 

#HomebakerKolkata #Sweta’sBakes #CakesinKolkata

##

2015-08-25 14:58:28
Pritha Banik Mitra
31547235
5.0
The Blackcurrant Birthday Cake was Superb.... it was just delicious and soft with fresh cream, sweet flavour, jam filling inside.....please try the Blackcurrant Cake by Swetaji....Thanx Mam😃

##

2015-07-23 10:51:51
Sanchita Dutta Sen
30792463
3.5
Shweta is an independent baker who bakes from the heart....only a passionate baker can dish out such yummilicious desserts...I had ordered a birthday cake for my friend's 50th... I was quiet satisfied. ..

##

