2017-12-31 23:01:55
Medhashree Ghosh
32326070
4.0
This place is where you need to head to when you have dessert cravings. Their dessert jars taste out of the world and the staff are cordial and sweet. They have some innovative chocolates like chocolate paan which is my personal favorite. They have myriad choices so people who have a sweet tooth, this place will be their paradise.

##

2017-12-31 17:52:25
Jay Patadia
45454497
4.5
Thank you aunt for the sizzling hot brownie 
The chocolate desert was yumm 😍😋😋😋
Thanks for the chocolates.. 😍😍😍😍
Will visit  again 💓

##

2017-06-21 11:09:01
Vidhi
37966004
5.0
Amazing experience..
Delicious cakes and chocolates.A must try for all chocolate lovers.
Very polite and cooperative owner.I loved all her cake flavours.

##

2017-02-27 12:05:23
Spandana Ganguly
704954
4.0
Sylph Chocolates had put up there stall at Tastes Of India(Nalban). I took a chocolate truffle in a jar. It was layered with chocolate cake,thick chocolate sauce and chocolate cream. I loved the flavour. It was soo chocolatey and yummy. Sweetness was well balanced. Price was quite reasonable.

##

2017-01-29 20:32:56
Kushal Mon Bosonto Sinha
892387
5.0
I just tried the liquor chocolates and assorted chocolates on offer at their nicely decorated stall @ Khyber Pass. Amazing stuff indeed. Paucity of time did not allow me to taste the other chocolates. Please let me know where i can get your products from

##

2016-11-15 22:29:40
Archana Bagaria
1003344
3.0
Came across Sylph in an event a couple of days back. Their stall decor caught my eye as well as the cute jars filled with sweetness. Though I didn't buy one since it was a bit on the expensive side compared to it's teeny size.

What I tried - Brownie and Cookie Mix - Don't know what exactly was it called. To be honest, it had a stale taste.

The second dessert I tried was a Marshmallow brownie which was decent.

Would I wanna try out Sylph again ? Yes. Don't know why but yes. :)

Word of Advice - A couple of them. Probably after I visit them next. :)

##

2016-11-14 11:35:53
Priya Jhunjhunwala
509307
5.0
Came across their stall yesterday at the Streets of India carnival held at Swabhumi . The owner of this venture was as sweet as her brownies! Must say, the brownies were lip smacking and so was the Truffle Jar! I look forward to ordering more desserts from her and also discover what other delicious stuffs she can make! 
Its a MUST TRY for anyone who is fond of desserts!!

##

2016-11-13 13:34:58
Karishma Sharma (asoulfoodstory.com)
1169354
3.5
Tried their browkee ( brownie and cookie) and their chocolate marshmallow brownies from their stall at The Streets of India. The browkee ( not sure how to spell it) was a little soggy. The other brownie was good on the other hand. Both the items costed us a total of 150/- so prices are decent. 
Also on display were dessert jars at 200 which seemed expensive. 
Overall a decent experience.

##

2016-10-21 18:17:57
Avijit Biswas
1095896
3.5
I want to present some chocolates to my colleagues and also want to taste some of their delicacies... so I called them up in the morning of the same day... asked for 2nos of 16 pcs assorted chocolate box... and they delivered in time... although I know it was difficult for them to manage... the owner is a very beautiful person... and I'm thankful to her for doing me the favor that day...

In the box their were 4 flavours of chocolate 2 nos each... I didn't remember the name of all chocolates... but the pan and the nuts flavored chocolates were very good... also the packaging was very eye catching... Also they used to contribute 5% of your bill value for some under privileged children... I liked this approach pretty much... 

Pocket pinch was considerable... Will try their other flavors in future... cheers...

##

2016-04-26 13:06:33
Harshita Goenka
16172813
4.5
I got a box of chocolates from a friend of mine and it tasted amazing. Am happy I could taste the amazing paan flavoured chocolates! Really looking forward to visit the place soon!

##

2016-04-04 12:06:58
Devpurna Talapatra
507308
4.0
Sampled some of their creations at the KFB Bake Sale last month. Loved their paan flavoured chocolate, though I was very apprehensive about it initially. Their cupcakes looked adorable and tasted pretty good too. 

Salt Lake is just too far off from my place so I am glad I got a taste of their goodies at the event. I wish they open up around South Kolkata soon.

##

2016-03-20 19:01:39
Shailja Garg
6872061
4.5
Following the Zomato reviews I checked into the confectionery to get myself a box of chocolates. The lady welcomed me cordially, placed infront of me all the chocolate flavour she had. I tasted paan, tandai(holi special), caramel, nuts. The filling of each flavour was done  so proportionately, ufff I actually got lost, felt like I was in heaven. Then there was a cupcake and a mocha brownie. Never tasted a brownie so yumm. Most importantly what I liked was the spirit and the wholeheartedly of the aunty. Promise me this is a place one should visit over and over again if you want to taste some delicious and fresh chocolates.

##

2016-02-26 22:43:53
Prity Poddar - Veg Food And Reviews
957766
4.0
Dates of Tasting: Feb 2016, Feb 2017

Feb 2017:

Recently, I was appointed the official Food Critic of Tastes of India (ToI), the biggest food carnival in Kolkata, which was held from 25 to 26 February 2017 at Nalban Food Park.

Sylph Chocolates was one of the participants there.

The owner was sweet enough to pack me a small hamper containing both her seasonal and ever green desserts.

The seasonal ware comprised of the Holi Special Thandai Dessert. Placed in a plastic martini glass, this dessert was made up of alternate layers of sponge cake and thandai infused rich cream, finally topped with a generous helping of chopped almonds and pistachios and garnished with a dry rose petal at the centre. It was a rich dessert. It tasted very nice.

Sylph Chocolates is currently occupied in the process of creating customized Holi hampers as per their client's taste and budget. A sample tray consisting some desserts and assorted gulal, the dry Holi color, was on display for viewing purpose.

Feb 2016:

A whole new batch of home bakers and chocolate makers, is emerging in the city, and getting instant popularity, because - 

a) their products are fresh and unadulterated.

b) they allow the clients to place customized orders, as per their requirements.

'Sylph Chocolates' is one such new player in this arena. They are primarily into, assorted - flavored chocolates, chocolate boxes, chocolate bars, chocolate jars & shots, and other chocolate based snacks and desserts.

It was sweet of them, to send us the following items, around Valentine's Day, for tasting -

a) 16 flavored chocolates, in a cube box.

b) 16 flavored chocolates, in a rectangular gift box.

c) 20 flavored chocolates, in a rectangular gift box.

d) 4 types of chocolate shots, 2 portions of each.

The cube pack had a semi formal look. It was made of thick beige colored paper with big golden dots, and wrapped in a golden ribbon, which had a hanging message 'Box Full Of Happiness'. Inside the cube box, 16 flavored chocolates were daintily placed amidst colorful plastic pencil peels.

Both the rectangular gift boxes were similar in design. They just differed in size. Made of thick paper, the bottom holders were chocolate brown, and the lids were deep pink. They were wrapped in black ribbons, which were monogrammed with the company name. A textual card was placed on top left, which carried this interesting line, 'A bite of Sylph is capable of replacing your first love'!

Sylph Chocolates come in 20 flavors. We received 10 of them for tasting. They were - Nutella, Paan, Crackers, Nuts, Orange, Caramel, Strawberry, Absolute Vodka, Mint, and Coffee. They were differently shaped, wrapped in bright and glazed packing papers of assorted colors, and labeled with their respective flavor name, at the bottom.

The chocolates were fresh and tasted nice. The flavoring of each chocolate was infused in the centre, either in the form of a gooey or crumbled mixture. The enveloping chocolate mass was kept free of any imposed spices or flavors. Butter and sugar content were well balanced. Our personal favorites, turned out to be - Paan, Orange, Strawberry and Mint. Absolute Vodka was little bitter. May be vodka lovers will like it better.

The four Chocolate Shots were -Berry Eyed Blue, Oreo Delight, Love@ After Eight, and Ginger Glass. Amongst four of them, Berry Eyed Blue was really tasty. It was basically alternate layering of tea cake crumble and flavored whipped cream, topped by dried berries.

Sylph Chocolates delivers all over Kolkata, as well as, India. Delivery charge is charged extra. Within Kolkata, delivery charge will range between Rs. 50 to Rs. 150.

To maintain quality, they whip up a fresh batch for every order. Clients are advised to place their orders, 1 day in advance, for small orders, and approximately 4 days in advance, for bulk orders.

An imaginary spirit, that inhabits the air, is referred as 'sylph'. May sylph bless Sylph Chocolates in their venture.

##

2016-02-20 17:24:31
Megha Battoo
820062
5.0
"A bite of Sylph is capable of replacing your first love."
As written on their box this line matches perfectly to their taste and quality. Few days back I participated in a contest conducted by 'kolkatafoodie' a famous food account on Instagram, in collaboration with Sylph Chocolates. Where I got a chance to win this magical chocolate box of Sylph. Firstly the packing of the box was just so perfect that I didn't feel like to open it, rather wanted it to be in my showcase forever. Well as no one can control their feelings for Chocolates, neither could I. As I opened the box and tasted their coffee flavoured chocolate, I just couldn't control myself. Felt like to have all at once. It was a state of a complete bliss. Their paan chocolate is something I bet you won't be willing to share with anyone. Their Chocolates are just full of temptation. 😋
Next time when you think of gifting someone special a box full of happiness, don't forget that only Sylph can do that. 😁

##

2016-02-16 14:06:23
Anil Jain
2012230
5.0
We were thinking what to send with the invitation cards for my son's marriage in last November. Laddoos and barfis and dry fruits and so many more options were proposed. Then suddenly we came to know about Sylph chocolates and every one in the family zeroed in. We ordered for 300 boxes. It was delivered to us on a rugrlar basis as and when required. Five flavours packed in each neatly packed colourful box. 

Everyone who received the box appreciated the presentation and quality. A few of them even wanted to know the source for distributing in their circles.

Full marks to Sylph.

##

2016-02-11 13:23:02
Clara Gomes
6843161
5.0
Amazing Chocolates, tastes as good as they look. Received them on chocolate day. The deluxe box contains varieties of heavenly flavours, which includes caramel, nuts, crackers and so on. The chocolates are very special and appropriate  gifts for any occasion. Looking forward to order them on Mother's Day as well. ^_^

##

2016-02-11 00:44:14
Nivrity Das
3056746
5.0
So I had lately received some really yummy gourmet chocolates from this amazing store, namely Sylph Chocolates! And the most amazing part was I had received them on Chocolate day. This cute box of flavoured chocolates is surely a tour of heaven on earth. It's truly a perfect combination of happiness, satisfaction, comfort, fulfilment. 😇 

The chocolates were totally delicious with a varieties of falvours like coffee, caramel, pan, nuts and mint in different cute geometric shapes! 😍😍 
So if you are planning to gift your loved and dear ones a treat of joy and happiness, this is a great destination  :)

##

2016-02-11 00:10:47
Shreyasi Pain
30455783
4.0
One of the best assorted gourmet chocolate you can get in town. 😊
@
From the top row left:

CARAMEL (The red rectangular chocolate) : This gives you a taste of pure milk and sugar. Perfect for those of you who have a sweet tooth. Not too overpowering but has just the right amount.
CRACKERS (The golden square chocolate) : Chocolates having the crunch neccesary to cut the sweetness of it. Very pleasing for the palate.
MINT (The red circular chocolate) : Perfect for the ones who like mint. Gives a burst of freshness in your mouth. One of my personal favourites.
STRAWBERRY (The pink oval chocolate) : Very fruity and sweet. Gives a summery feeling altogether.
PAAN (The silver heart chocolate) : One of my favourites again. A very unsual combination with chocolate but it blends very nicely with the sweetness.
NUTELLA (The silver square chocolate) : Who doesn't love Nutella? You totally get the peanut chocolate buttery flavour as soon as you take a bite into it.
ORANGE(The golden oval chocolate) : Gives you the sense of winter. The tanginess cuts the sweetness to bring out an amazing flavour.
NUTS (The golden oval chocolate) :Nutty flavour on point. Not too gritty. Perfectly balanced.
So what are you waiting for? Grab your box of Sylph chocolates now. For corporate gifting orders & other enquiries,contact Usha Tibrewal : +91 9339858833

Follow them on Instagram : @sylphchocolates and their Facebook page : Sylph Chocolates

##

2016-02-10 22:36:52
Debajyoti (www.foodiedada.com)
1855976
4.0
Let me introduce you to the world of Sylph Chocolates! Chocolate tasting in itself is a skill and enjoying premium quality chocolate is a blissful experience like nothing else. Every chocolate has its unique set of flavor profiles and like we know, the flavor compounds found in a dark chocolate exceeds the ones present in a red wine. Talking about dark chocolates, recently I was contacted for a chocolate tasting, to try out the products at the newly opened home confectionery called "Sylph Chocolates" at BK block, Saltlake. I received one lovely Chef special pack of sixteen assorted luxury chocolates, neatly packed with branded black colored ‘Sylph Chocolates’ ribbons. The packaging was wonderful and that attracts eyeballs for sure. It is also perfect to be gifted to your loved ones or friends. We all know that chocolate is best enjoyed when it is savored slowly and not quickly eaten. So I patiently clicked some pictures for my review before delving deep into the complex flavors of dark chocolates :)

Since cocoa bean is the source of all chocolates, its characteristics and hence the flavor of the chocolate varies from one geography to another, we often realize that dark chocolate bar of one brand tastes so different from that of another brand, there are several factors involved in this variance but surely the source plays a major role in deciding the flavor and the richness. Here the box (from Sylph Chocolates) in front of me had some really interesting soft home-made chocolates, that too in so many flavors. The pack had eight unique flavors and there were two pieces of each flavor, enough for my tasting purpose.  Now let us check out these eight flavored chocolates and run through some of their characteristics that I found worth sharing –

a) Coffee – First of all it looked solid and stunning, the best looking chocolate of the lot. It is coffee flavored dark chocolate, quite rich and smooth. It has got no filling inside. The flavor of coffee infused in the chocolate is pretty mild. The mildness is tad on the lower side and can be increased to an optimum level. 

b) Strawberry – It is again a dark chocolate with fillings of strawberry flavored pink colored chocolate and strawberry flavored jelly inside. Just put it in our mouth and let the flavors do the magic, the intense and complex flavors will surely take you by surprise. Recommended!

c) Caramel – It looks really nice and has a rich filling of caramel inside the dark chocolate covering. The caramel is mild flavored and gives overall depth to this piece. You can get the caramel filling inside by breaking the piece into half. When broken it resonates with a resounding snap and exhibit a fine gradient along the broken edge. 

d) Paan – The aroma of paan masala hits you as soon as you unwrap this chocolate. The looks are pretty ordinary and predictable. There is a thin line where you can press gently with your teeth to break open the chocolate. The centre houses some not-so-hard, bit mushy chocolate with loads of paan essence and so it actually should not be broken into two halves like this before consuming! It should be consumed as a whole. The outer covering is of solid dark chocolate and overall the stuff tastes good.

e) Nuts – Though I am not fond of nutty chocolates but I went on to taste this variant of Sylph Chocolates. It had crushed nuts inside dark chocolate which I thought was pretty unique. Some portion of the nut was finely crushed was some had bigger pieces of crushed nuts and almonds. Here you won’t find any whole nut inside the chocolate occupying most of the spaces, here it is mostly rich and smooth chocolate mixed with crushed nuts, which is a better approach.

f) Cracker – I love Hershey’s chocolates with such crackers inside, so I was excited to try this one out. Here the chocolate looked nice and solid and when you take a bit you will realize you have got loads of crackers inside your mouth which are such fun to consume in dark chocolate. But here this stuff lacked mint chocolate chips which if added could have done wonders. The round buttery globules of crackers are fluffy and crack inside your mouth once you bite them. The entire stuff was fresh, rich and yummy!

g) Orange – Fresh orangey aroma hits you as soon as you unwrap the chocolate. It looks more or less like the strawberry chocolate but tastes very different, as expected. It has a mushy chocolate filling inside with tangy orange flavor. Size of the stuff is bit smaller though the dark chocolate and orange combo does well, but I would suggest the orangish flavor can be made a tad stronger to make things more exciting. 

h) Nutella – The stuff looks pretty good. Beware; it cracks open if you press gently with your teeth and the sweetened hazelnut cocoa spread spills out. The dark chocolate covering is aptly quite thin. This is one of the best and thoughtful chocolates I have had in a long time. Best of the lot!

Overall, it was a lovely experience tasting all these silky home-made chocolates. Would surely try out their chocolate bars later and the brownies.  They are also reasonably priced apart from being freshly home-made, so it is a great option for gifting your loved ones. I wish the team all the best for their future endeavors and hope Sylph Chocolates climbs greater heights in the coming days. Do try them out if you already haven’t.

Cheers!

##

