2018-01-15 19:24:35
Saurav Lakhotia
1015995
1.0
Staff very rigid. Poor service. Extremely pathetic way the manager behaved. Very unprofessional. Had to leave felt insulted.
Staff name - Mr.subendu

Professional bill

##

2018-01-14 17:06:34
Aerica Sardar
2004344
3.5
So this place is made really well but lacks a bit of the Ambience. We called for mushrooms which were very tasty, the 4 cheese pizza didn't seem to be the same as it was called, the mix sauce Spaghetti was good and the Waffle was very tasty and well made. The music is good as they have a live dj. But they do market it well. Hookah was okish.. Could be better.

##

2018-01-02 04:56:54
Aman Gupta
36642759
4.0
Ambiance is really nice at really pocket friendly rates. The staff is a bit unenthusiastic. Service is average. Waiter is unaware of the contents of any dish. Go for the oaky combination boxes. Worth each penny.

##

2018-01-01 14:51:49
Vishal
30933306
3.0
Good place to grab a drink, since food menu is not so amazing, they mentioned jain food in menu but only 1 or 2 items were available, limited space, interiors is nicely done, can improve on menu and food quality.

##

2017-12-27 22:37:28
Rahul Surana
1574147
2.5
This has newly opened up at the top floor of the Haveli Restaurant, Saltlake Sector II. Went today for a birthday bash of a friend. As you start stepping up a floor after reaching 5th Floor, you would notice bright decorations, interiors, etc. The place has not been built up on a much space unlike 10 Downing Street, Backstage but still can accommodate 15-20 people at a time. Has a small dance floor where live performances are also made during weekends. The usual seperate bar counter also available if you like to drink alone. Then, a seperate section has been made available for those who smoke or wish to have some formal meeting kinda thing.

Pros - Interior.
Cons - Service time, food quality.

Any feedback would be welcomed !

##

2017-12-27 14:09:28
Dr. Kamalita Mitra
262121
3.5
My visit was on Christmas evening, wanted to go for an open air place and hence we landed up here.
This place is literally hidden , as it still doesn't have a tagged google location(needless to say one can't give a check-in post on social media) and the only way is to navigate through zomato to reach here. This vegetarian bar cum sisha joint is located on the top floor of Hotel Saltee , the best way to navigate would be search Haveli restaurant which is situated at the ground floor of the hotel , as we couldn't find any outside hoarding of The dark barrel. We were clueless even after reaching the location, thanks to the food bloggers for guiding in their reviews .

Open air seating is just for namesake , there's no view but a narrow rectangular plot with three high tables for three oddly sandwiched between the kitchen and the indoor area , hence walls enclosing all the sides and just a slice of sky above you. the indoor area has a bar counter with high tools and a normal table chair set up with just two glass windows offering some decent external view.

Whatever we tried in food was impressive in terms of quality and quantity and served without much lag. The CARAMELIZED MUSHROOM AND SHALLOTS WRAP was the first item to hit the table , loaded with diced mushrooms and sliced in four portions , was an okay dish for us. The next up was spaghetti in pesto cream named as EATLLY was perfectly delicious and sumptuous for two of us. Waffles and cheescake wasn't available , hence we had to go for APPLE PIE WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM , two portions of warm apple pie with strong flavours of cinnamon , pairing a spoonful of it with some icecream was a sinfully guiltfree affair one can experience on a chilling evening. However, the pies were sweeter than optimal , and the crust was too tender as one of them already came broken which the server explained happening during taking out of the oven. Menu is not an elaborate one , soup section is entirely missing and the rest of the categories also lacks a great range to choose from .

Service has room for improvement . Getting attention of the staff for water , menu card and cheque etc wasn't an easy way. Hospitality is below par , no one to look after the guests or collect feedback once the food is served.

here's my rating ,
decor - 3.5/5
service - 3/5
food - 4/5

##

2017-12-26 11:10:34
Shruty Verma
3193549
1.0
This place is the worst place i have ever been to. They don't serve anything what is there in the menu. Worst music. Worst food. Worst ambience. The ambience was not according to the festive season. The service was also up to the mark. The presentation of the food and drinks were also very poor. I would personally suggest people not to visit this place specifically not on a festive day like Christmas or New year.

##

2017-12-25 22:16:46
Naman Bhartia
37646823
4.0
The food is of standard quality. Ambience is very nice and calm. The hookah is very smooth with quite dense smoke. Just that the service needs improvement. Overall people should visit the place.

##

2017-12-17 11:35:49
Debajyoti (www.foodiedada.com)
1855976
4.0
Often busy weekdays lead to a tiring Saturday, at the end of which we simply search for a classy hideout to immerse in some western classics, soothing lighting, warm wooden interiors, soul-pleasing food and some amazing cocktails! And of course, we tend to find that option pretty close to the area where we are after our work finishes on a Saturday evening. So if you are in the Saltlake area on a Saturday evening, there is some good news for you people. Besides the sector-5 area, Saltlake never had any noteworthy buzzing nightlife options. But now we have got ‘The Dark Barrel’, which has opened its doors in the Saltlake sector-2 area. The place is situated right above the Haveli restaurant near the CK Market in the Saltlake CK block. The Dark Barrel is a rooftop lounge that has semi open-air barbecue option which is definitely a star attraction of this place. You don’t have any other place in the vicinity with such features.
                                                                ...

##

2017-12-08 20:24:57
Rahul Kanodia
919798
4.0
Date of Visit – 02/12/2017


Location – It is located on the top floor of the old favourite Haveli restaurant .

Ambience – The restaurant has some attractive ambiece. Each and every section has been well thought of. Many barrels minitiars have been used to give a feeling of French vineyard. The owner herself is very much inspired by French vineyard theme from her visit in France and is keen to give Kolkata a roof top dining place with some extra ordinary vines. 


Occasion - Blogger's meet over first visuals of the restaurant.


Service – The service is slow but it's understandable as its an early stage of the restaurant. I am sure it will keep improving with time.


Food & Description – It was a Blogger's meet for the first visuals of newly opened roof top lounge. As you enter, the amazing ambience will blow you off. It is divided into two parts, one is ac dining place with bar and other is an open air section where you can enjoy this amazing winter weather and on table is live grill. What more, you have live music on Fridays & Saturdays. Coming to the food :


Strawberry Delight - Perfect drink to welcome us. Flavours had perfect balance.


Virgin Mojito - I don't like virgin Mojito at most places as they are not perfectly cold or the mint leaves are too small so that it blocks your straw. But here it was perfect to my likings. Full marks for it.


Vegetable Yakitori - This dish had some exotic veggies which were aptly marinated and served on live grill with three varieties of dips. Loved it.


Bhune bhutte aur Tulsi ke kabab - It was served with 2 types of chutney. Tasted good. Nice presentation. 


Desi Quesadillas - Not the best Quesadillas but it was likeable. Could be avoided.


Grilled vegetables, feta marinated & Cherry Tomato Pizza - Taste was excellent but pizza base was too soft. 


The Caprese Panini with Pesto & Mozzarella Cheese - Loved the dish specially the Pesto taste of the fillings.


Caramelized Mushrooms & Shallots Wrap - For me mushroom can never go wrong. It was fabulous. Must try for Mushroom lovers.


Warm Apple Pie with fried vanilla ice cream - Mouth watering taste & tempting presentation. Apple pie was warm & out of the world.


Overall the experience was great. A must go to place in this winter weather for those who want to enjoy food with awesome drinks.

##

2017-12-07 18:56:01
Anusreea - The Food Trippers
2257306
4.0
Located in Salt lake, inside Haveli building - this is the newest party spot in town! It is a semi open rooftop lounge. The tables outside are only for standing purpose, and no seating arrangement. The tables have a bon fire feel to it whereby you can grill your food, and experience it getting cooked infront of your eyes. They have a bar license. They use premium liquor and are highly recommended. We sadly could not try any of their food items. Live  performances - yes.
The place is not very big neither too small but we're glad at least something in Salt lake opened up! The place is based on the barrel theme! The idea is to transport you to the countryside views, barrels, vineyards, and wooden barrel storage which they have successfully done :)
Will have to go back soon to try their food!

##

2017-12-06 12:58:06
Sreya Bagaria
456881
4.5
The Dark Barrel , newest party place alert in North Kolkata , in  Salt lake area .

So visited The Dark Barrel with some food bloggers for the first look of this rooftop lounge which recently opened its door.
The first thing you notice after entering the place is the amazing interiors , lots of miniature barrels which give a feel of French vineyards .

We were lucky to have witnessed an amazing live band perform some really amazing songs for us .
We were welcomed with an array of mocktails to choose from .

The first drink was Strawberry Delight and was oh so refreshing .
The first dish we were served was Vegetable Yakitori along with three dips and we grilled it on fire and it was perfect on a chilly winter night .

The next dish was Bhunne Bhutte aur Tulsi Kebab served along with dips and pickled onions and was delicious in taste .

The next dish was The Mezze Platter and it was beautifully presented infront of us .
The next dish was Desi Quesadilla and it was so pretty to look at in a cute basket and tasted great .

The next was my favourite, Grilled Vegetable , Feta Marinated , Cherry Tomatoes Pizza and it was delicious.

The next dish was Its Greek to Me and it was delicious and oh so healthy .

And finally it was dessert time and we were served Warm Apple Pie with Fried Vanilla Ice Cream and it was a perfect ending to the entire food experience.

All in all it was a great experience and would definitely recommend this place for its vibes and amazing food 😊

##

2017-12-04 00:22:02
Shubham Tantia
2742406
5.0
Barrel themed, soothing ambience along with some wonderful live music - its the perfect place to spend some time with friends. A perfect place to get away from the montony of life specially for teens. They have an open air area with bar-b-que too.

##

