2017-12-13 01:38:23
Rajdip Saha
30136276
4.0
Previously,this restaurant was in the name of Hanglas.But now,they have a different menu.different decor.
Its located bang opp to South City mall,near Honda Showroom.Nice ambience,but a small one.maximum 24people can dine in at once. The Waiter seemed the same as Hanglas and he is proffessional and Superb.
Well,we two got the best of the service from him.
And we ordered according to his choice only.
The fish Orly tasted awesome too.
Price is on the economical side.
Home delivery service is also great,during peak hours also.

##

2017-11-27 22:46:38
Manish Debnath
31831542
4.5
Limited menu, but taste wise too good. 
Very easy on pocket.
So, Victoria = happy tummy + happy pocket
Can be tried in Small groups ... And you won't be disappointed.☺

##

2017-10-02 22:00:15
Debapriya Paul
600976
4.0
On Saptami, we decided to have our lunch at The Victoria. The restaurant is located opposite to South City Mall. The Honda showroom is a better landmark to find the restaurant. A simple yet neatly decorated restaurant, The Victoria has a spacious area for dining. The staffs are courteous and friendly.

We ordered Fish Orly, Basanti Pulao and Mutton Dakbanglow. Their service was quick. The food items were all so very delicious. There were 6-8 pieces in the dish Fish Orly. The pulao's quantity was enough for two people. And, the dish Mutton Dakbanglow was soooo yummy. There were 4 pieces of mutton, a piece of potato and an egg in it. The meat pieces were properly cooked and hence, soft. The thick and perfectly prepared gravy was simply loved by us. We wish we could taste some dessert items but we're too full to have more!

Enjoy meals at this lovely place with your family and loved ones. The prices are pretty much reasonable considering tasty Bengali dishes. They also offer catering services which you can avail in various occasions.

Cheers to food! Cheers to life!

Pocket pinch: 700 for two (approx.)

##

2017-08-19 19:55:23
Avijit Biswas
1095896
4.0
A newly opened joint near South City... It is the place where Hangals used to be be... Ambience is bright n beautiful... Nos of seating is very low... Approx 20 to 25 only... USP of the place is they are serving lip smacking food at very pocket friendly price... They are serving Chinese, Continental, North Indian as well as Bengali cuisine... Of which we tried the North Indian startes like chicken lassoni kabab, tandoori pomfret n tandoori chicken... All were very good but quality of tandoori chicken can be improved... In the main course we had basmati rice, basmati pulao, jhinge aloo posto, sona moog dal, begun bhaja, kachi pather jhol, chicken kosa, sorse illish n chingri malai curry from the bengali section... All the dishes are yummy expect the chingri malai curry... Not at all good... Need to work on the curry basically... We also tried the fresh lime soda n daab cooler those were refreshing too... And we wrapped up with payas which was perfectly made n yummy too... Service is bit slow but good... Give this place a try with low expectations and you will not get disheartened for sure...

##

2017-08-19 02:15:29
Rakesh Saha
1966068
4.5
If you are looking for an excellent low cost Bengali Thali, The Victoria is for you. Located just opposite of South City mall, Victoria serves Bengali cusine and their food quality is really a good one.
Well I decided to taste a few more of their items other then going for the regular Thali. So started with Promfet Fish Tandoori which tasted good enough.
Then moved to the mains Rice, Mugh dal and Kosha mangso. What a meal it was. 
Also had their Mutton and Ilish, as I couldn't resist myself and my friends too. Each of the dishes we tried were excellent, tasted good and was fully hygeinic.
Do come and visit here if you are in doubt of visiting this place, and thank me later.
And don't forget to end your meal with a Payes. It was heavenly. 
Prices are very reasonable, quantity is sufficient.

##

2017-08-19 01:19:09
Sayantika Dutta
1340482
4.0
In the constant aim of owning and enjoying everything precious, we odten forget how simple things in life bring the most casual of joys. That's what I was reminded of when I settled for a hearty yet simple dinner today at The Victoria. The joy of simple things and simple Bengali food is unmatched. 

I started my dinner with a glass of their well made sweet lime soda and lahsuni kebab. The kebabs went down with me very well and I look forward to gettinf them delivered soon again. Moving on, we settled for a simple meal of rice, daal, fried brinjals, veg pulao  and mutton curry. 

The simple combination left me with full and satisfied. This place is a great pick if you are looking for not so overhyped and over priced casual Bengali meals.

##

2017-08-19 00:25:19
Rohit Roy Chowdhury
1257919
4.5
The Victoria is located at the Opposite of South City Mall, in the lane of Honda Two Wheelers showroom.

This place can accommodate around 20 people at a time. 

Ambiance and deco was nice. 

Tried Daab cooler and Sweet lime soda. Between those I preferred Lime soda.

From the starters I had Murg Lasuni kebab which was very soft and tasty, murg tandoori which was also good. Later I had Pomphret Tandoori..

In maincourse I tried Ilish Sorshe, begunbhaja, kosha chicken, kochi pathar (mutton) jhol, aloo posto, chingri malaikari and basanti pulao.

From those I loved the ilish, pulao and chicken kosha most.

In dessert I tried Paayesh. Which was also good.

##

