2017-10-02 21:41:14
Alomita
36421726
3.5
One of the oldest restora at swimming pool, salt lake. Nice ambience . we orderd a grilled chicken sandwiche, A hot chocolate and a dark desire ( ice-cream)

##

2017-09-25 09:15:55
Oendrila De
7051591
3.5
The Scoop is located in quite a recognisable place in Salt Lake sector 1. It's a cafeteria with different food options, whether you want some finger food or a whole meal. The decor, though simple, has one commendable feature - each table is spaced to give the diners some privacy of conversation. I was there to attend an invitation by

##

2017-09-24 20:28:18
The Hungry Hobo
10973521
3.5
So

##

2017-09-24 18:41:09
Debajyoti (www.foodiedada.com)
1855976
3.5
This place is one of the oldest eateries in the Saltlake area, it's somehow stitched to the memories of most of the Saltlake residents who have been visiting this place since 1994! I know couple of my friends, whose birthday parties used to be held at Scoop when there was nothing else in this area. The place has always boasted to serve so many cuisines all at the same time; you get fast food here, South Indian, Chinese, North Indian, Continental, and what not! Personally I do not believe that selling all the cuisines under the sun is a good idea, but then if you can handle it, then why not. Well, at Scoop, you will atleast get all these dishes, they won't tell you that half of the names in the menu are unavailable, that's a good thing! 

But even today, I will say the place is best for its desserts!! I simply loved both The Sundaes which I tried here few days back. I had the 'Dark Desire' which had a scoop of butterscotch, vanilla and chocolate ice creams with some dry fruits and a drizzle of chocolate sauce!! Also I tried the 'Tutti Fruity' which I really liked. Apart from this I loved the mocktail which was 'Green Apple Mojito', which had a nice fizz and a perfect balance of lemon, mint and sugar. Coming to the food, I liked the Indianised Chinese platter called 'Chicken Noodle Combo' which had generous quantity of noodles along with sides and was pretty nice to taste if you like locally modified Chinese food. Then we tried few dishes from their newly launched Continental menu which needs some serious attention and work to be done, in this category we had tried the French Grilled Fish, BBQ Jerk Chicken, Chicken Rolade and Penne Arabiata in white sauce. 

Apart from the food, the service was pretty warm and very prompt. The owner was pretty friendly and understanding as well which is a big positive sign for any eating joint. I am sure the continental fare will be worked upon and the feedback will be taken positively to serve the customers even better. Other than this I must say, the location (which is near the Swimming pool in Saltlake sector-1 area) is perfect, also the place has a large area with ambiance resembling to a mall food court which is good enough for a casual adda and snacking!! I wish this place keeps going strong for more years and people keep making more memories at this place!!

Cheers!

P.S. This is an unbiased review based on personal experience and the visit was on a management invitation for food tasting purpose.

##

2017-09-20 09:14:57
Jude Martin (The Food Seeker)
1895578
3.5
If you have lived in Saltlake or nearby around then you must be knowing the fact that Scoop is a very old place since 1994 running in business. Mr.Satish is the owner of this place and he has a friendly attitude towards his customers which is a nice thing to observe when you are here. Recently Calcutta Food Scenes did make a visit here and it was a mixed feeling on it's own through the whole event process.But nevertheless let me tell you that this place was intially an Ice-Cream parlour in the early day's but later with time flow it was extended big to include more menu choices like mocktails,shakes ,fast food and other meals over and all to have a multi cuisine kind of a concept. Now talking about Desserts and Mocktails here i would definitely say as i tried them out and feel it was very impressive and well presented.From the mocktails there was GREEN APPLE MOJITO which had a perfect blend of apple flavour ,lime and mint leaves, making it a very refreshing drink to sip in.The desserts that came afterwards was DARK DESIRE & TUTTI FRUITY.The dark desire was a one that had scoop of butterscotch,vanilla and chocolate along with some dry fruits and chocolate sauce.The taste was simply well made and balanced at it's best. The Tutti fruity one was a fruit affair ice cream as it had a lot of fruity mixture of elements in it making it enjoyable and delightful to go through.
Now there was some new launched food tried too like CHICKEN NOODLE COMBO,FRENCH GRILLED FISH,BARBEQUE JERK CHICKEN ,CHICKEN ROLADE,PENNE ARABIATA (white sauce). Apart from the chicken noodle combo which was good, rest of the course needs to be looked into for a better experience which the owner humbly accepted and assured of changes very soon. So with saying that ended the time at Scoop here and a special mention goes that scoop has a very attentive and well behaved staff working along which is good to see around.
So that's all for the news here at Scoop,thanks to the management !

##

2017-09-01 15:30:20
Mona S
36355207
3.0
Just the corner point of Swimming pool. Very old restaurant..

Food - Good
Ambiance - Simple
Staff - Good
Price - Ok
Overall - Good 

I used to eat momo over there.. it was nice.. no such extra mile on other food as well..

##

