2017-11-25 19:26:48
Sagnik Bose
37972640
4.0
Located in the Bhawanipur area, this cafe is a pretty good choice for eating out in the area. The cafe is large enough to fit big groups of people and I instantly liked the ambience of the place. But it is a bit dark inside with dim lights so if you prefer well lit places, this is not even close.

The quality of the food here is great as well, and the food is presented beautifully.

During my visit, I tried the Chicken Stroganoff and the Loaded BBQ Chicken Sandwich, both of which were absolutely delicious.
But my main gripe with the place is their pizza. I tried the BBQ Chicken Pizza and it was too thin, and while it didn't taste bad, it wasn't something extraordinary. I would recommend against trying the pizza from here. Otherwise the rest of the food were great.

For beverages I had the Oreo Shake which was good. I've had better ones but this one was not bad by any means and if you want to you can definitely try it out.

The pricing here is reasonable enough, and the staffs here are competent enough so no complaints on that front.

Overall, if not for a bad experience with the pizza, I really enjoyed my time and the quality of food here and would recommend this place to anyone.

##

2017-11-22 21:05:19
Aishwarya Seshan
1160726
5.0
Yes.. you will keep getting back to this place..on a "loop"..😍
Not very difficult to locate if you have reached Lansdowne market, just a 3minutes walk.
Crispy chilli Baby corn..is the crispiest and the chilli-est baby corn I have ever tried.. followed by a super dooooper cheeeeeeeejy lasagna! 😍 The "sone par suhaaga" dish is undoubtedly the paan mojito, refreshing and helps you to go non stop on the food front! 😋
If that's not enough, you get a chocolate freak shake to freak everything out of you topped with a ferrero rocher!😍
Happiness, thee have been defined this evening ! 😚

##

2017-11-07 09:43:44
The Food Feline
34174899
3.5
Situated in  an odd location, this cafe has a weird ambience. In fact, very rarely have I been so disappointed with the ambience of any place I visit. The interiors are too dark, the seating arrangement is illogical, the wallpapers look so dull and boring. How can one not mention the loud music if one mentions loop cafe, it just makes matters worse especially when on the tv screen there is some other music video playing.
Coming to the food;
~Freak Shake- The taste of this shake was superb bit the presentation was really dull for a proper freak shake.
~Roasted Chicken salad- This was quite impressive because the chicken was really roasted to perfection.
~Cheese Chicken sandwich- This had a perfect filling and well toasted pieces of bread but I hated the fact the fries were fried in mustard oil. That's an utter let-down.
~Chicken Lollipop- It was fine except that the crust was too salty.
~Blue Lagoon- This was the winner of the day for me, so much of it was served and in a pretty way. It had the best taste too.
Except for the freak shakes all the other items are bought under happy hours menu @155 INR (increased price)
The service was okay, but there was too much delay in providing the bill and the handwritten bill looked bad. Also, they don't accept cards or Paytm.

##

2017-11-04 23:07:11
Kunaljit Dutta
10074451
4.5
A new cafe in town.. Location is a bit tricky but yes u can easily locate it.. just a few mins walk from south calcutta girls college or landsdowne market bus stop.. opposite ladies park..

Service:- It was good.. We reached around 6pm in the evening and it was empty.. We were the first one to reach and till we finished our food no one was there..

Ambience :- pretty decent Ambience.. good wall decor.. comfy sofas with glass tables.. loud music.. perfectly lit.. and a big led TV..

Food:- 1) brownie shake :- it was simply yummylicious.. lipsmacking.. 😍 😍  one of the best shakes o have had.. really really good.. The crushed brownie on top of it was really yummy.. A must try..

2) Chicken and mayo sandwich :- 4 pieces of sandwiches loaded with chicken and mayo will give you a complete foodgasm..😍 it was overloaded with mayo and the French fries accompanying takes the dish to another level.. There was also a spicy mayo dip..

3) aussie chicken pizza :- It was really crunchy and tasty.. lots of cheese.. sundried tomatoes.. really huge in size.. can be easily shared by 3 to 4 persons..😀 

Overall a very good place.. good place to hangout with friends or loved one..😁😀 

Hopefully  will visit soon..😍

##

2017-11-01 00:23:55
Alisha Khan
39602753
4.5
I feel that i am in a loop till now  as i cant get over the taste of your food loop cafe you make me want to vist you guys again and again the ambience the service so much on point that i cant dnt want to come out off this loop.  Thank you so much for making my afternoon such an amazing one

##

2017-10-25 19:10:11
Upasana Biswas
34393093
4.5
New cafe in the city! Located in Bhawanipur, few minutes walk from Hazra, this place is a must try! They have amazing food at extremely pocket friendly rates. We had ordered for White Sauce Pasta and Garlic Bread. Their garlic bread was supposedly handmade which was thin and crispy and quite different from the normal garlic bread. We also had the Mexican Chicken Salad and Cheese Chicken Sandwich served with fries. Great quantity and delicious! 
This is a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy good music and ambience with awesome food without making a hole in the pocket. I would recommend everyone to try out this place and I would surely visit again! 😊

##

2017-10-10 20:22:12
Foodieraja
39910471
4.0
This is a relatively new cafe located near Raj Banquet Hall. The place is not that large but it's not clumsy either, rather it's quite well spaced in my opinion. The Food we ordered were of good quality, it was though a bit delayed, was well cooked, well presented and tasted delicious. The staff were also friendly and attended us immediately. The ambience or the decoration of this place is nothing to ride home about but nevertheless it's not bland and is fairly okay I'd say. The music was a bit loud and didn't quite go well with the place's ambience but if you ignore these little facts, facts which can always be fixed in time, this place is definitely worth a try if you're looking for good food.

##

2017-10-05 00:51:41
Vidipta Dutta Roy
37928407
4.5
Pretty newly opened cafe in bhowanipur. 
Great ambience with good music playing. Real nice decor. 
Ordered
 aussie chicken pizza. Amazing taste. Thin crust. Flavoursome
Alfred penne pasta. Cheesy. Quite good. 
Blackcurrant mojito. Pretty great and quantity too was ample. 
Overall great food.

##

2017-09-28 18:25:45
Puja Tewary
33921966
5.0
Best food in the Town at the cheapest price... Warm atmosphere and people❤

Ideal for both family and friends... And for Dates too XD

Try Crispy Chilli Babycorn here.. its a Must!❤❤❤

##

2017-09-26 02:05:10
Abhishek Ghosh
1707084
4.0
Beautiful cafe, great ambiance, quick service, good food! This is one of the most spacious cafes I've seen in Kolkata , and it's maintained very neatly. Good place to hang out with friends. Located at Ramesh Mitra Road, Near Ladies Park, Bhawanipur, Kolkata.

But It’s a new place neat and good ambiance with chill music which really sets the mood. They have a very healthy and interesting organic food menu. 

Foods and Beverages: 

DRINKS:

1) Cold Coffee :
This is a blended-coffee shake much like an iced cappuccino you might buy at this super restaurant.

2) Virgin Mojito :
This sweet taste accompanied by fragrance of mint and tangy lime makes you a really refreshing.

3) Paan Mojito :
Being a Bengali I sometimes enjoy meetha paan after dinner. As now a days lots of innovation is seen in food so just tried this mojito with lemon.

4) Brownie Shakes :
A double-chocolate shake becomes even more decadent with the addition of a brownie and Its Very good. One of my favorite.

Coming to food, I ordered

FOODS:

1) Fish Finger :
Marinated fish fingers dipped coated with bread crumbs and deep fried, this is their good starter.

2) Chicken Drumsticks :
These Chicken drumsticks are finger-lickin' good! They are tender and flavorful with a crisp salty skin.

3) Chicken Mayo Sandwich :
This are like comfort food but it's just good.

4) Chicken Alfredo Pasta:
This is a rich and creamy Alfredo sauce of butter, ricotta cheese, cream and Parmesan cheese. Extremely tasty and good.

5) Aussie Chicken Pizza :
 I love pizza. You're probably thinking, 'who doesn't?' but really, I'm pretty sure I love this pizza and their crust is thin and it's very good.

6) Roasted Fish In lemon butter :
This Baked fish with a delicious Lemon-Garlic butter sauce, served with mashed potatoes and herbed butter rice. Delicious and absolutely perfect for Summer.

Overall, It's great and awesome. This has got to be one of the prettiest cafe in this city. I love coming here precisely because of their ambiance and decor.
                    

Highly Recommended.

##

2017-09-25 00:37:38
Shafaque Sattar
1000237
4.5
Just located near South Calcutta Girl's College. It's few walking distance from Sarat Bose Road. Place is quite good to hangout with friends. Among drinks Virgin Mojito and Brownie Shake are highly recommended.Virgin Mojito was chilled and enjoyable. Pan Mojito Flavour wasa also quite good. We had Fish Finger,Chicken Drumsticks,Chicken Mayo Sandwich,Chicken Alfredo Pasta:,Aussie Chicken Pizza,Roasted Fish in Lemon Butter.Fish finger and drumstick were lip-smacking smacking. Pasta was too good,creamy and tasty.Roasted Fish in Lemon Butter was impressive,highly recommended.In dessert we had Hot brownie served with wafer,ice cream and hot chocolate on it. It was very delightful.

##

2017-09-25 00:06:41
Rik Bhatta
1722105
4.5
Located amidst the busy Lanes of bhawanipore, this newly opened Cafe is striking the right chord among the youth mainly due to it's vibrant decor, lively music and a diverse menu so if you are a fussy/choosy eater then you wouldn't be disappointed! 

Now coming to the focal point of this review, this place surely knows how to prepare and present their mojitos and shake's,they were unparalleled in taste and quality . The paan mojito, The virjin mojito and the brownie shake is highly recommend along with the cold coffee. 

Some of the must haves of this place are :

The drums of heaven: 4 humongous chicken legs are surely going to give you a heavenly feeling! Highly recommended! 

Aussie chicken pizza- Authentic and soul satisfying! Serves 3-4 comfortably! 

Chicken Mayo sandwich- The presentation of this dish was highly impressive and the quality and the taste complemented the beautiful presentation.

Fish finger- A good bargain if snack's are your fortay while visiting this place. 

Chicken Alfredo pasta- I was happy with the presentation and the taste though i felt that the proportion of chicken could have been slightly increased. 

Being relatively New, this place did manage to tick all the correct boxes. Looking forward to my next visit!

##

2017-09-24 11:48:47
Debalina Mukherjee/thathungrytraveller
2515676
4.5
This cafe is located in Bhawanipore near the famous Raj Banquet Hall. This is a new cafe so I wanted to tick it off my list.
I went with a group of friends. We had:
1. Pan mojito - never tried pan flavoured mojito before. This was a unique one and it turned out to be great.
2. Cold coffee - the usual cold coffee was served in a beautiful way in a long hour glass. 
3. Brownie shake- I love brownie shakes and I had to order this. This is a thick chocolatey shake and I had one all by myself.
4. Fish finger- 6-8 pieces of fish fingers with mayo dip served in an unique way on a chariot like thing.
5. Chicken drumsticks- they have 4 leg pieces in each dish. The drumsticks were crisp and juicy and the sauce made it taste heavenly.
6. Chicken mayo sandwich - chicken and mayonnaise filled sandwiches with French fries and served with ketchup dip on three decks is a really good way to present a dish 
7. Chicken Alfredo pasta- a wholesome chicken pasta with Alfredo sauce garnished with basil leaves. It's creamy and good to taste.
8. Aussie chicken Pizza- a good portion of pizza preferably family sized with thin crust and a ketchup dip is really great to taste.
9. Hot brownie with wafer , ice cream and hot chocolate- my favourite dessert, brownie and ice cream with hot chocolate is beyond any criticism.
This place is a newly opened cafe and has quite a big space to sit. Good ambience and a nice place to hang out with friends. The food is good, quality and quantity of it is also commendable. The service is good. The price is pretty reasonable. This place is expected to grow better in the coming days.

##

2017-09-24 11:27:59
Debrup Bandyopadhyay/Your Gour'Mate'.
40483145
4.5
Stationed at Ramesh mitra street bhawanipur ,this cafe offers a pretty good number of delicacies.
Visited this place one fine evening.
The ones that i liked here
Chicken drum sticks, these pretty good to taste the portions were big enough to please me.
If you are here make sure you try the dessert section,the brownie with ice cream and hot chocolate is definetly going to satisfy your sweetooth.
Something that i will just shout out for is the paan mojito, for me it was the best thing here.
I was pretty happy with the presentation and ambience.
You can pay a visit with a bunch of friends if you are looking for something to add to your cafe checklist.

##

2017-09-24 11:01:59
Nivi
497834
4.5
Puja is round the corner n I'm sure you don't wanna mess with your tastebuds while standing in a long queue for hours!
Here's why you should drop by this cafe.
It's a newly opened cafe so easy for you to book seats plus the location won't be a problem for you.
Walk straight taking the opposite lane of Poorna cinema hall, Bhawanipur and you'll reach there soon.
Well coming to the food I would say its decent.
Paan mojito is the best among all the drinks.
 It has the flavour of paan and mint which is refreshing.
Chicken mayo sandwiches are super tasty. Stuffed with ample amount of chicken and well dressed with mayonnaise the sandwiches tasted heavenly!
Aussie chicken pizza could have tasted better though!
My personal favourite is Chicken Alfredo pasta. Neatly cooked I must say.👍
One can also try out their roasted fish in lemon butter. Basa fish fillet evenly roasted and served with mashed potatoes and herbed rice. Loved it.👌
Last but not the least, is the hot brownie with ice cream.
The hot chocolate on it made it more YUM.
Woof! It was bliss!

##

2017-09-24 08:16:38
Tanvir Hasan
14776651
4.0
The Loop Café is located three minutes walking distance from South Calcutta Girls College which is on Sarat Bose Road.It’s a new place neat and clean,pleasant ambience with chill music.

Drinks:

Cold coffee: cool and refreshing.

Virgin Mojito: cold and colored,enjoyable,

Paan Mojito: Highly recommended,it’s fizzy and flavoured.

Brownie Shake: it’s mesmerizing.

Fish Finger: Marinated fish pieces,deep fried and served with sauce,it’s soft and toothsome.

Chicken Drumsticks: Chicken legs,marinated,fried and tossed with sweet and spicy Chinese gravy,highly recommended of them,tasteful and terrific.

Chicken Mayo Sandwich: satisfactory.

Chicken Alfredo Pasta: It’s slimy and smooth.

Aussie Chicken Pizza: stuffed with marinated chicken,sundry tomato,onions and cheese sauce,crunchy and delightful.

Roasted Fish in Lemon Butter: marinated and evenly roasted fish fillet, served with mashed potatotes sherbed rice and butter sauce, it’s excellent in taste, marvelous and mouthwatering.

In Dessert section we have tried Hot brownie served with waffer,ice cream and hot chocolate on it. It was tantalizing, yummy and wonderful.

Over all the dishes are really appealing. If you are in that area must give it a try.

##

2017-09-24 01:17:52
Aman Singh Rajput
35217527
4.0
Visited this place with a group of friends tonight . Had a good experience at this recently opened cafe cum restaurant .

Location : Not very tough to locate . Situated at Ramesh Mitra Road opposite Ladies Park adjacent to Raj Banquets .

Ambience : Pretty much OK . Nothing fancy . Dim lighting as all cafes tend to have . Interiors are just the regular types . Comfortable seating arrangements for a huge group of people though . Thumbs up for that :)

Coming to the food , we started off with the mocktails first .

◼ Virgin Mojito - This can never go wrong . Ever refreshing and tasted perfect .

◼ Cold Coffee - Decent . The regular cold Coffee you get at CCD and other places .

◼ Brownie Shake - This was very good . Thick , Tasty , Creamy , Chocolaty . It ticked all the boxes .

◼ Paan Mojito - This was new . And was the showstopper . Loved this particular drink . The flavours of paan in the drink will be loved for sure .

Coming to the rescue for us hungry bunch were :

◼ Fish Fingers - Very nice . Soft and tasty . Exactly the way it should be . Served with tartar sauce .

◼ Chicken Drumsticks - This was a Chinese preparation. Huge chicken pieces were prepared in the right amount of spices was a delight .

◼ Aussie Chicken Pizza - Thin Crust Pizza . Well prepared with chicken chunks and sundried tomatoes . Liked it .

◼ Chicken Mayo Sandwich - Sandwiches are my favourite . They satiate my hunger more than anything . And when you get a beautiful tasty blend of Mayo and Chicken , you are bound to love it . The presentation was bang on too .

◼ Roasted Fish in Lemon Butter Sauce - Marinated fish followed by roasting was served . It was a huge Basa Fish Fillet with the lemon butter sauce . Served with Herb Rice and Mashed Potatoes . Instant favourite ❤

Service : A little slow , but I hope soon they'll improve in this area .

Recommended :)

##

2017-09-24 00:16:39
Nazia Haque
29999265
4.0
The place is pretty good.. They have two sections.. One is of smoking area and one is restaurant.. So if you have problem with hookah and smoke then your problem is solved😄 the food was very good.. Specially pasta fried rice and chilly chicken.. Shakes and ice cream were awesome.. Pizza was also okay.. A special note about happy hours which is from 12noon till 6pm in which you get fixed combos at Rs125 only.. So visit the place and enjoy...✌✌

##

2017-09-23 23:51:28
Avi Singh
2398034
4.0
Location: Ramesh Mitra Road Near Ladies Park (Walking distance from Netaji Bhavan Metro).

Ambience and Decor : The ambience is good,it is dimly lit and has the ambience of a particular cafe,the decor is simple and quite good.They play decent music in the background which really sets the mood.

Food and Beverages: 

Beverages

Cold Coffee : The cold coffee was decent,a little bit on the sweeter side but tasted good.

Virgin Mojito: This one was refreshing and quite different from most mojitos but I liked it because it wasn't too sweet.

Brownie Shake : The best among the beverages,really thick and creamy shake.It tasted heavenly and was served in a really nice bottle.


Food:

Fish Finger: The Fish Figer was crunchy on the outside and soft inside the way it should be and it was served with a nice dip.

Chicken Drumsticks: Really meaty drumsticks,huge in size,well flavoured and spiced.It tasted amazing.

Chicken Mayo Sandwich: Served along with fries these sandwiches were awesome,filled in with mayo and bits of chicken,it was lip smacking.

Aussie Chicken Pizza: The pizza was decent in taste with bits and pieces of chicken. 

Roasted Fish in Lemon Butter: Really soft fish and very flavourful loved it. It was served with rice and mashed potatoes which made it even more amazing.

Dessert:

Brownie with Ice Cream: The perfect dessert,a scoop of vanilla ice cream with a brownie and hot chocolate. Loved it.

Service: The service was good,the staffs were attentive and courteous,even though it took some time to serve the food it was totally worth it because the food was fantastic.

Highly Recommended.

##

