2017-09-10 09:27:25
Sham Das
45920119
5.0
Beer cafe itself not required introduction.first outlet at Kolkata.No beer.seems Kolkata is hard place outsider venture .Cool place.we have ordered mojito and Caribbean refresh quite refreshing ..Pasta Alfredo was good too.garden pizza we order .pizza option they hv only thin crust.so don't be upset  it's their standard all outlet around India.beautiful view of busy   traffic.service chrg they chrg like other restaurant but not mandatory,was ommited after asked. Service is good same as Delhi.I can'twait to spend my time here when Iam bore.I hv passed My phn no.to Manager promised to  ping me once you get license..

##

2017-08-26 14:58:50
Sarmistha Gupta
16263826
1.0
**ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS - IT HAS NICE LIGHTS OUTSIDE WHERE YOU CAN GET GOOD CLICKS** 😜 Pun Intended 😜

This is located in the same floor as Barbeque Nation in Park Street. 

Ambience - As you enter this place, you can see some wonderful bottles that got supressed by dim/no lights. It has nice yellow chair, nice posters of BEER (which is their USP). But they had put on the lights only in the place where we were sitting. So it was quite dark and we had to request them to put on the lights. So that's a TURN OFF totally 😒 And as we entered, they informed us, "Beer is not available". I thought that's their USP as evident.

Food - Ordered a Fresh Lime Soda, Cranberry Juice, Chicken Pizza and a dish something like Chicken Drumstick. 
💥Fresh Lime Soda was okay.
💥Cranberry Juice was fine.
💥Chicken Pizza was pathetic. We requested for extra cheese. When they served, the pizza crust is as sleek as a blade. So you can well imagine how it is !! Cheese was so cold, as if it was restored and served to us then. It costs a lot of bucks. So that's totally a WASTE !
💥Chicken dish was still better than the rest. Although it had more of the bones and less of the chicken portion. So that's again a disappointment.
So overall, Food is a TURN OFF again. 😒

Service - The lady who was serving us was so NOT COURTEOUS at all. When she asked how the food was, we told her about the pizza and asked if she could replace it, she took it & replaced the remaining portions. It tasted like it was put on microwave for once and then served. It tasted more awful. 😒 

Another TURN OFF is - They charge Service Charge along with the taxes. But that's not compulsory, when I had a talk with the guy who gave us the bill, he kept on arguing. Didn't even bother to find a solution.


So guys if you really wanna have Beer and some dishes, there is ample of Outlets in Park Street with reasonable prices. So PLEASE DO NOT VISIT HERE !!

##

2017-08-25 19:46:53
Arghajit Chatterjee
40984737
5.0
Great Place For Beer Lover's,Every one should visit once,good Atmosphere,good people,good service in a quite good range,love this place So cheers every one..!!

##

2017-08-15 23:16:14
Akash DasGupta
9487671
3.0
Location: Park plaza building, Park street, one where BARBEQUE NATION is located, same floor

This cafe is one of the new entrants in our city and is yet to kick off at full throttle. They serve all sorts of cafe dishes, from spaghetti to pasta to pizza to.mojitos. we had ordered barbeque chicken pizza and prawn spaghetti, both of which were okayish, although the pizza crust was a bit hard, to our dismay.

The staff are courteous and said that soon they would get the liquor license and open the bar too.

Decor is cool and good for a hangout with friends.

Cost here seems to be high which is a drawback!

##

2017-07-23 23:39:28
Jaydeep Seth
20329657
4.0
Place is just located on the floor of barbeque nation. Nice ambience... Price is moderate of the foods & drinks... Till now havnt introduced alcoholic beverages.. Probably will be introduced shortly.

##

