2017-03-11 19:51:35
Sharat Varma
2234718
4.5
A must visit. Great food, great service. Bengali food with a twist. The only thing that needs improvement is the payment mode. Only cash accepted. A small cozy place with highly motivated staff.

##

2017-02-26 22:14:23
Kirti Rathi
27426034
4.5
Great cuisine..have tried their fish Florentine and steam bhetki with pickeld gravy and cheese..both were top class. Their stew is just what the doctor doctored...simply stomach happy. Overall..a repeat go to place for me..and yes..thankfully it's  a de
viation from the snooty behavior one experiences at most fine dining places in Kolkata...the chef is super helpful and staff gives good recommendations..you can go by their recommendations blindly.

##

2017-02-09 15:01:25
Soujanya Rakshit
37230188
4.5
নামকরন যথার্থই হয়েছে বলা যায় , কলকাতার জন সমুদ্রে একটা লম্বা খাদ্য যাত্রার সংকল্প নিয়ে তৈরি এই নতুন রেস্তোরা বাঙ্গালিয়ানায় ভরপুর এই । যার সর্বত্র খুজে পাওয়া যাবে একটা বাঙালি মানসিকতা , দেওয়াল থেকে শুরু করে খাদ্য তালিকার নাম এবং সব শেষের আপনার রসিদ যে পাত্রে করে আসবে সেই অবধি । এবং মুখে জল আনা বিভিন্ন বাঙালি পদ , যদিও রন্ধন প্রনালি একেবারে বাঙ্গালিদের মতো নয় , এদের বাঙালি রান্নায় কিছুটা উপকূলীয় রান্নার আঁচ মিসে আছে । 

কালিকা পুরের কাছে , পূর্বাচল রোডের ওপর সুন্দর করে সাজানো একটি রেস্তোরা , জনা ৫০ থেকে ৬০ জন লোক হাত পা ছড়িয়ে শান্তিতে বসে খেতে পারে । কর্মচারীরা অত্যন্ত সহযোগিতা পূর্ণ । 

আমরা হাজির হয়েছিলাম এদেরই কিছু বিশেষ বাঙালি রান্নার স্বাদ গ্রহন করতে , এবং আমাদের যাত্রা শুরু হল একটি চমক দিয়ে । কিউকাম্বার এন্ড গন্ধরাজ মজিতো । যা আপনাকে সুগন্ধি একটা ঝটকা দেবে যা আপনার ক্লান্তি এক নিমেশে দূর করে দেবে এবং বিশেষ করে গরম কালের জন্য এই সরবত খুবই লাভদায়ক । এরপর ফ্রায়েড বেবি টোষ্টেড পটাটোস সাথে ফেনুগ্রিক আর ফিনেল , একটি নরম আস্তরনে মোরা ছোট ছোট ফ্রায়েড আলুর বল , মন ভরিয়ে দেবে এবং এক বাঙ্গালির খাদ্য যাত্রাকে সুমধুর করতে সাহায্য করবে ।  এর পর মাছের পালা , স্ট্রিমড ভেটকি সাথে আমের স্বাদের আঁচার আর চিজ । কলা পাতায় করে যখন সামনে আসে  জিভের জল সামলানো একটু কঠিন হয়ে পরে । পরের আকর্ষণ ছিল চিংড়ি মাছ , প্যনা ফ্রায়েড পর্ণ কে টক মিষ্টি আঁচার দিয়ে টোস্ট করে , চিংড়ি মাছের একদম অনন্য পদ , স্বাদে স্বর্গীয় অনুভুতি । এ ছারাও চিংড়ি মাছের আরেক পদ চিজ এবং চিলির মিশ্রণে তৈরি করা , একটু ঝাল হলেও স্বাদে মানে দারুন । নিরামিষাশীদের জন্যও এখানে ভালো খাবার মজুত আছে । স্টাফড মাশরুম সাথে মালাই কারি , যা নিরামিষাশীদের মন ভরিয়ে দেওয়ার জন্য যথেষ্ট । এরপর আগমন হয়েছিল চিকেনের , চিকেন কিলান্ত । কিলান্ত এবং গারলিকের মিশ্রনে তৈরি করা , হালকা ঝাল , তবে স্বাদে বেশ ভালো । 

এবং শেষে মটন র‍্যানডন , ( আমার সব থেকে বেশি ভালো লেগেছে ) । বিশেষ ভাবে প্রস্তুত করা এই মটনে গন্ধরাজের একটা সুগন্ধ যেমন পাওয়া যাবে তার সাথে লেবুর খানিক টক ভাবও পাওয়া যাবে , একবার খেলে আবার নিয়ে খাওয়ার মতো পদ । মটনের টুকরো গুলো জথা সম্ভব নরম এবং সুস্বাদু । মটন রান্নায় লেবুর এরকম প্রয়োগ সত্যিই অনন্য । 

 ভোজনের শেষ পাতে একটু ফরাসি ছোঁয়া , ক্যারামেল কাসটারড , ক্রিমি কাসতারডের ওপর একটা ক্যরামেলের আস্তরন । দুধের তৈরি এই কাসটারডে ভ্যানিলার সুগন্ধ অনুভুত হবে এবং ভজনের যাত্রা যথাযথ ভাবে শেষ হবে । 

বাঙালি রান্নাকে একটু স্বাদ বদলে অন্য ভাবে খেতে হলে অবশ্যই আসতে হবে । 

বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ -

##

2017-02-07 04:08:28
Aniketh 'ANik' Kumar
31338889
3.0
Well I was expecting a good experience from this place as I saw it's menu on Zomato itself and wanted to be charmed by it's fusion of conti+bengali food. I found that the food was tasty and presentation was good, but one thing bummed me out that the waiter was not well informed about the food and had to go and ask the chef again and again about the dishes. He wasn't confident enough about the menu and was re-checking it again and again and again. It was a huge let down for me and I just lost my appetite. Hope you guys improve on that.

##

2017-02-05 20:48:33
Arka Bhattacharjee
1737273
4.5
Voyage means a long journey in sea, but here in Calcutta food voyage this journey is all about the food. A newly opened multi cuisine family restaurant in kalikapur beside the Purbachal Main Road, beautifully decorated with enjoyable ambiance and welcoming staffs. From menu card, to the dishes to the bill box and the interior decoration everywhere you will find the touch of Bengal culture. If you want to try some mouth-watering Bengali dishes with a little twist then this will be the perfect place for satisfying your need. They offer some delicious Bengali preparation with a touch of continental spices and flavor. A modern Bengali Cuisine. They also serve delicious continental dishes. 

We were there on a special invitation to try some of their unique dishes and it was a splendid experience. Our food voyage begin with Cucumber and Gondhoraj Mojito. A refreshing cool Beverage. It was so good that we immediately ask for another glass! A perfect thing to start the food journey. Then we had Stir Fried Baby Potatoes Tossed with Fenugreek & Fennel. A soft coated potato balls stir-fried and mixed with spices. A good appetizer to start with.

Spicy Chicken and Pickle Egg canapés another delicious dish we had. The presentation was so beautiful that it was really a treat for eyes. Steamed Vetki with pickle Mango and cheese, another lip-smacking dish we had. Chunk of vetki cooked with different spices, mango pickle and cheese. A fusion recipe with unforgettable taste. 

They also have perfect arrangement for vegetarian. Stuffed Mushroom Malai Curry is one of the best vegetarian dish they have to offer. We also had Pan fried prawns tossed with spicy sweet & sour mango pickle, a delicious prawn preparation with sweet-tangy taste. Prawn & Crab sausage in Cheese & Chilli Pickle Sauce was the best dish (In my opinion) they had to offer. One of the must try preparation. 

Chicken cilantro, a continental preparation was also very good. Boneless chicken cooked with garlic and cilantro. It was perfectly cooked and little bit spicy. 

Mutton Randon or you can say Gondhoraj mutton, a special mutton preparation we had. Perfect to have it with rice. A spicy taste with Gondhoraj lemon flavor, a perfect blend of spices and flavor. The mutton was cooked well and it was soft not chewy and full of flavor. 

Our food voyage ended well with Caramel custard, a well-known French dessert. Nicely presented and yummy!! 

This place offers not as usual preparation we have most of the time, rather than they like to serve you something new and which is their USP!! A highly recommended place for having a lunch or dinner with family and friends. 

Thank a lot

##

2017-01-31 19:09:33
The Foodinista
31649667
4.5
Just try out this place for the sake of experiencing awesome food. Dishes never heard of with delicious taste. As the name suggests - something unconventional, and rightly so. 

The Calcutta Food Voyage - A MODERN TAKE ON BENGALI CUISINE.   The Calcutta Food Voyage, the new casual dine restaurants on Kalikapur, Prince Anwar Shah Road Connector is an awesome experience. 

A family restaurant with beautiful, classic ambiance, nice and welcoming staff and most importantly innovative mouth-watering food.  If you want to taste Bengals ingredients and flavours with a twist, this is the place to visit.  

It is a good place for those who are already familiar with Bengali cuisine and want to try a different take on it. Similarly, for Europeans who are skeptical of trying traditional Indian food, it is a good introduction to Bengali food flavours. You see the food looks continental but the ingredients and flavours are all Bengali.

Cucumber and Gondhoraj Mojito - Very interesting Beverage  Cucumber and Gondhoraj Mojito was a perfect start for the evening.  Cool down on hot summer days with this Cucumber and Gondhoraj Mojito. This mojito has a subtle herbal flavor with a shot of lemonade, crushed cucumber and Gondhoraj chunks and is a great addition to any beverage menu. 

Stir fried baby potatoes tossed with Fenugreek & fennel -  Fenugreek and fennel seed are both spices that people use on a daily basis in a variety of culinary dishes and pickling.  Stir-fried potatoes that are crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and coated with a mixture of those  pickle spices was really a good appetizer to start with. 

Spicy Chicken and Egg canapes -  Dressed up Spicy Chicken and eggs by making these easy and elegant canapés. Delight for your taste buds with these tartlets, full of flavour and colour.

Steamed Vetki with pickle Mango and cheese - Its tempting ! Right ?? When cooked properly Vetki fish is just beyond heaven. Steamed Vetki with pickle Mango and cheese - a fusion recipe  is cooked amazingly with the fish remaining delicious, moist & distinctly flavorful.

Stuffed Mushroom Malai Curry - Stuffed Mushrooms cooked with spices and milk to make a tasty dish indeed.  Available in various types, shapes and sizes, these edible fungi (purely vegetarian) are a great way to glam-up your dishes and it was quiet justified here in this dish. 

Pan fried prawns tossed with spicy sweet & sour mango pickle - Sweet and Sour Mango Pickle is a delectable Indian pickle recipe made from raw mango .It is an extremely tempting pickle and when its spicy you just cant ignore that. When the sun is out not only do you want to be outside you also don't feel like eating anything heavy. Pan Fried Prawns with this pickle sauce is a light and simple ands yet too tasty to handle. 

Prawn & Crab sausage in Cheese & Chilli Pickle Sauce -  No one can eat just One !! Quiet a deadly combo ! Tradition has its place at the  table, certainly, but a little tweak here and there helps keep the cook's creative juices flowing  and believe me it was really flowing well .

Chicken Cilantro -  Boneless Chicken cooked in Garlic & Cilantro. It gives chicken  a nice flavor. This is delicious by itself, and was even more wonderful over a bed of rice. 

Mutton Randon -   An exclusive workmanship from the house of Chef  Pintu Roy Chowdhury !!  Randon. - The sweetest guy with amazing blue eyes, not to mention HOTT! The recipe was really had all amazing quality infused in it.  Gondhoraj Mutton , yes thats the way you can term it. Gondhoraj lebu is endemic to Bengal. The aroma of Gondhoraj added to this exclusive mutton was just pure bliss. 

Caramel custard - A French dessert, Caramel custard is a traditional sweet with creamy caramel over silky custard. Luscious vanilla-tinged custard prepared with milk, eggs and sugar. It was a fabulous dessert that exposes your palate to exquisite textures and tastes. 

Definitely, it has something new and different to offer then rest of the conventional restaurants in the city. 

Treating your taste buds for the love of food, i guess, could be there motto. I loved eating there. 

Highly recommended. 

Thanks

##

2017-01-20 15:35:49
NADER ALI
37676673
4.0
GOOD FOOD.
GOOD VIBE.
DECENT AMBIENCE.
INNOVATIVE LIGHT DISPLAY especially the Strip Lights.

I recommend this place to all the FOODIES in Kolkata.

##

2017-01-06 18:30:28
Prasun Das
37483128
4.5
The quality of the food is finely tuned to suit the universal taste. Been with my friend. The environment is decent. Affordable price and innovative cuisine. Looking forward to visit with family.

##

2017-01-05 22:13:48
Debasish Haldar
37472068
4.5
The Calcutta Food Voyage, the new fine dine restaurants on  Prince Anwar Shah Road Connector is an experience. The excellent food and amicable ambiance just superb. Highly recommended.

##

