2017-12-31 04:05:28
The Foodinista
31649667
4.5
The wait is finally over – T3 i.e. The Tea Trove has starting their operation at their newly opened Tea Boutique at Park Street. The brand, which was co-founded by entrepreneur Mr. Rishav Kanoi & Mrs. Shruti Kanoi conceptualized and set up The Tea Trove, a high-street tea cafe style joint or kiosk across the nation. Marketing tea as a fun beverage for young consumers and their story is still creating several footsteps around the nation.
                                                ...

##

2017-12-31 01:40:27
Sumana Mandal
4644921
4.5
Visited this new outlet of The Tea Trove a month back with friends and since then I've been waiting for its zomato page to come up so that I could pen down my review. A tiny tea boutique that not only serves the goodness of tea but also caters lip-smacking Popsicles which are made up of real fruit pulps.●Location: Situated inside the Spencers Grocery store at Park Street, just where the famous Music World and later Au Bon Pain used to be.
● Beverages: They have around 100 variants of tea; some of which have special medicinal properties as well, like the detox tea, the matcha tea, the weight loss tea, chamomile tea, etc. Some of the varieties that I tasted were:* Gulabo tea (rose tea).
* Jasmine tea.
* Green Mango tea.
* Assam masala tea.
* Moroccan Mint tea.
* Irani Chai.
* Peach tea.
*Whiskey tea.Each one of these had a subtle flavor of its own which was so refreshing and relaxing after a heavy day of work.The owner suggested having the lavender tea and the chamomile tea for a sound sleep after a tiring day at the office.
● Popsicles: Tasted some of the mouth-watering Popsicles there for the first time. 
* Triple Berry was the favorite of all and one of the best selling too. Made out of the pulp of strawberry, blueberry, and raspberry (imported from Italy to maintain consistency), it tastes slightly tangy yet a little sweet. I'm definitely having this one again!
* Nutella Kitkat popsicle: made out of real Nutella and KitKat. It's a treat for chocolate lovers.
* Paan popsicle: real pulp of Paan or Betel leaves used. So yum!
* Salted Caramel Mocha popsicle.
●Popwich:
* Tiramisu Popwich: Loaded with nuts and raisins, it's a Popsicle - Sandwich having two thick slices of chocolate wafer-like biscuits on two sides and a big bar of Tiramisu popsicle in the middle. It's a great treat when hunger pangs attack a hungry soul because it's sure to fill an empty tummy.
* Strawberry Popwich: same as the above, just with a strawberry popsicle in the middle having two thin chocolate biscuits on the outside.Had such an amazing experience at this new outlet of The Tea Trove. Was so amazed by the owner's hospitality. Surely coming back for some Chamomile or Lavender tea for my sleeplessness. And will definitely be having some of the Popsicles and Popwich again. It's a must try guys!

##

2017-12-31 00:26:34
Surangana Doyel Mitra
31500860
4.5
Finally tea trove arrived at Parkstreet.  Located just beside Flury's inside spencers this place is heaven for tea lovers!!  The natural popsicles made of several flavours were indeed great in taste.  Tea trove presents a variety of tea which copes up with different mood,  and different flavours!  From detox tea to weight loss one several types of teas are present!!  And the tea tastes too good with the accurate mixture of flavours in dem
 Moroccan mint
Jasmine tea
Peach tea
Gulabo tea
Mango green
Irani chai
Assam masala
The above are the teas that are must try here!!  And highly recommended!! 
Now coming to the popsicles they had several varities including!! 
Tripple berry
Nutella kitkat
And Popwich included 
Popwich treramusu
Popwich strawberry 
The popwich is a must try!! 
Over all tea trove is a must visit for the tea lovers!!

##

