2018-01-06 09:36:21
Ric Roy Chowdhury
27060946
4.0
The music, the ambience, the staff, the cocktails, everything males this place what it is. One of the liveliest places in the city. Would want to go during a match screening someday.

##

2018-01-04 21:24:19
Shreyansh Mehta
1490588
4.0
Nothing much to say except a perfect place with friends to hangout in d company of delicious food n various drinks.... If u hav not tried yet den don't delay though it took me time to post the review...  Ys VL pinch ur pocket of around 1k per head but it's worth....

##

2018-01-04 13:13:58
Utsav Ganguly
2537814
4.5
Being a teetotaler, Irish House has never been the Quest restaurant that had the most allure for me. But, bowing down to peer pressure and on the strict condition that I would order a mocktail for myself whilst trying a sip or two from their drinks, I visited the place for lunch with a few friends. The atmosphere was lively, with a pub-like decor and a large bar right in the middle. 

 Starting off with drinks, my friends went for the Irish trash can while I picked a green appletini off the non-alcoholic section. The latter was very refreshing and it greatly appealed to the green apple lover in me. The cocktails too were pretty great, not too harsh and pretty complex in taste.

Now for the food. We started off with the Armagh mushroom bites and minced up loaded fries to go with the drinks. The fries were pretty good and hearty, loaded up with delicious minced chicken, fried onions and pieces of boiled egg. The mushroom dish, though, was even better : the outer casing was crispy and the filling was creamy and meaty (ironic, isn't it) at the same time. We mopped it off in record time.

Moving on to some more substantial fare. The beetroot and goat cheese sliders were. hands-down one of the most unique vegetarian dishes I've had. The earthiness of the beetroot exterior and the salty tang of the goat cheese within made for a very satisfying mouthful. Combine that with the toasted bun and crispy blue potato fries (a first timer for me), and you are in veggie heaven. The smoked duck pita pockets were amazing too. Delicious duck in a uniquely green falafel pocket topped off with some toasted peanuts for crunch, it was a really good dish. Finally, the Moroccan lamb bowl. Delicious tender lamb, couscous heavy with the fresh flavour of mint and crunchy carrots coated with a rich, sticky glaze, this dish was amazing with all components put together. I only wish the portion size was a tad bigger.

Moving onto dessert. We decided to precede our sweet ending with a shot,of Kahlua, and boy was it amazing. The flavours were rich and well rounded, the perfect way to accustom our tastebuds to dessert. The eyecatching Irish riverdance is a glutton's paradise in a mug, filled to the brim with goodies like brownie, ice cream. chocolate and berry sauces, and tasted great. (Sneaky tip: Pour a touch of Kahlua onto the dessert, it adds another level of complexity) But the showstopper was the nutty caramel pie served with a caramel sauce on the side. Not too sweet thanks to the almost-savoury caramel flavour rampant throughout the dish, accented by the crunch of the crust and nuts, this was the perfect way to end out almost-perfect meal.

Service was very prompt and the servers were polite, The only downside? Pork and beef were unavailable that day, as a result of which we failed to try out their pulled pork burger. However, on the whole, the experience at Irish House was amazing. They serve an amazing array of cocktails and food to match. Definitely recommended.

##

2018-01-02 20:55:36
Soumik Chakravarti
2106430
1.0
Visited Irish House last night with a couple of friends for a few drinks. While a couple of previous visits had been a really good experience, last night was marred by some dastardly and really rude behaviour from the staff catering to us. After ordering three dishes of food and eight beers, we called it a night and asked for the bill. When the bill was brought, we protested on being charged 10% of the billing amount as Service Charge. We asked for the manager, who(supposedly the manager, although his attire didn't really seem like it) came down to our table and explained that the Service Charge couldn't and wouldn't be removed because the bill had already been printed. Which seemed like a pretty shoddy explanation to me. Not being well versed with the GST intricacies and asked a friend if we were obligated to pay the Service Charge. He(a student of law) clearly mentioned that it was optional and we were at the liberty to not pay it. On explaining this to the manager, he said that it was the policy of Irish House and he couldn't do anything about it. It is really unfortunate that big and well established places like the Irish House are robbing the customer's money, as very few actually go to the lengths of checking the bill details, after being inebriated. 
NEVER COMING BACK HERE, AND DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDING IT TO ANY OF MY FRIENDS VISITING THE CITY. REALLY DISAPPOINTED!

##

2017-12-30 17:12:07
Antara Ghosh
42308496
5.0
One of the best pub in kolkata i must say..i went here in christmas..they had their xmas branch which had unlimited food system on that day..the taste of all the foods were awesome..the tropicana mohito was delicious..it was the best mohito i have ever ate...their service was superb..would like to visit this pub again and again...

##

2017-12-29 02:06:54
Akash
29069086
5.0
When you looking for a good Pub in town, you will get hundreds of option but when you look for Pub which also provide great food, then I’m sure the options get narrow. In that sorted list when you try to find some names, then I’m pretty sure that name The Irish House will come in top list. Yes, welcome to The Irish House, one of the popular Pub Restaurant in the town. So let’s come and explore this place.

The place is pretty big is terms of spacing. Wooden table, lather upholstered chair and the posters hanging on the wall will surely drag your attention. The lighting effect inside the restaurant will give you kind of retro feeling. Throughout the day the place remain calm but from the afternoon, the music started to increase at its max level to give you excellent Pub feelings. Service is quite fast and the stuffs are all well trained.

Now let’s come to the food we ordered –

Drinks >

1.	Seven Island Iced Tea – A cocktail made of Vodka, rum, gin tequila and peach extract. The touch of red wine on the top added some vibrant colour as well as taste also. Pretty good.

2.	Sparkling Lime Cooler – A soda based mocktail, with blend of fresh lime & galangal. Quite refreshing and good as a welcome drink.

Food >

Starter –

1.	Grande Nachos (Veg) – Nachos is all time favorite for all, due its crispy nature and smooth texture. Eating that nachos with black bean, spicy jalapenos and fresh pepper on top with 3t types of dip is something you really don’t want to miss. The dips were Sour Cream, Fresh Tomato Salsa and Seasonal Guacamole. Must try item with your drinks or as a starter. The item is available in Chicken & Tenderloin variant also.

2.	Armagh Mushroom Bites – Tossed mini bread basket with stuffed creamy mushroom filling inside and chives on the top of the filling. Take the whole bread basket at a one time and bite it. You will slowly feel the magic inside.

3.	Smoked Duck Pita Pockets – Usually we get Pita bread in any Lebanese outlet but getting that bread with Spinach flavor is really something that you will not get at every day. Duck filling with orange touch make this dish really a smooth one. Love it.

Main Course >

1.	Moroccan Lamb Bowl – The dish had one of the spiciest lamb I’ve ever tried. Spicy lamb was carefully cooked and love the smoked flavor. It was served with cracked wheat & honey glazed carrot and it goes perfectly well with spicy lamb. Must try item, if you love to have any spicy main course.

2.	Portofino Grilled Fish – Two soft & juicy fillet of Basa fish were grilled at its best & the spicy chilly and pepper flavor did a great match with the fish. It was served with mashed potatoes and string beans. Recommended item for any fish lover.

3.	Hunter’s Penne (Prawn) – Usually we eat pasta in either red or white sauce but want to try something different? Then you must have to come to The Irish House to try this item. Soft penne were well tossed with pesto cream sauce, which give the green texture of the pasta. The dish usually comes with only mushroom but we choose to take Prawn as our Add on to try something different and believe me the prawn addition really enhance the taste hundred times. The dish comes with two pieces of garlic bread, which was also craftily baked.

4.	Double Chicken Ghost Crunch – Burger with crispy patty is always too much appealing & hardly to miss. So we ordered this one. Panko crusted chicken topped with jalapenos, creamy ghost pepper, lettuce & cheddar melt makes this burger a WOW one! If you are a burger lover like me, then you definitely should try this item. The burger was served with French fries & red cheesy mayo dip. Wonderful!

Desserts >

1.	The Irish Riverdance – Every good dining always end up with some lovely desserts and here we made no mistake. Ordered this one. A beer mug full of brownie cube, vanilla ice cream, dark chocolate bites & dry fruits is a real paradise for every desserts lover. These full set up comes with fresh lager bear. Pour the bear from the top and enjoy the full taste of brownie. Awesome & mind blowing in one word.

So in conclusion, I will say if you want to have your drinks with some great quality food then you have to come this place. Price is little bit towards higher side but every penny cost here is really worthy. Overall a great dining experiences from my side & will definitely visit this place again.

##

2017-12-26 03:33:44
Rudradeep Biswas (RDB)
2910482
5.0
The Irish House, at Quest Mall, Ballygaunge is one of the most popular place among pub goers of the town. It excels in almost all - great ambience, awesome music and best happy hours deal. I just love their draught beer servings. First time I visited here, it was top notch destination for beer lovers, and it was at par with Bangalore's pubs. 

Recently I took another visit. And they maintained the quality and this time I opted for a la carte menu. 

1. Grande Nachos - basically a starter, it is served with house made nachos with three different sauces. As a finger food with your drinks it is good. I am pointing it as good as it's veg item. 
2. Armagh Mushroom Bites - another veg starter but the cheesy mushroom makes it worth to order. 
3. Smoked Duck Pita Pockets - Pita breads with smoked duck meat stuffed. Recommended starter!

In the main course - 
4. Double Chicken Ghost Crunch - it is basically a burger. Though I don't like burgers, it proved me wrong. 
5. Hunter's Penne (Prawns) - It is prawn pasta and it excels with the green sauce. The sauce changes everything and it's superb!! 
6. Portofino Grilled Fish - another chartbuster!! 
7. Moroccan Lamb Bowl - a great lamb preparation served with khoosh rice with saunf/mouri flavour. 

In the desert section I took 'The Irish Riverdance' - it is mindblowingly good. Too good!! 

Now all I had food, but no drinks at a pub means sin. So we ordered beverages a cocktail and a mocktail. 
Cocktail was Seven Island Iced Tea which is a gorgeously looking cocktail. Apart from the looks it tastes quite smooth. 
The mocktail was Sparkling Lime Cooler and served with mint flavor - it was at par with standard.

##

2017-12-25 16:00:51
Kaustav Nayak
1276373
5.0
The Irish House is one best pubs in town serving great drinks and equally good food. Almost everything here is worth a try, but if you are asking for specific recommendations then the 5 items I'd argue you must indulge in are :  
1. Smoked duck pita pockets 
2. Beetroot and goat cheese sliders
3. Moroccan tenderloin bowl  
4. The Irish Riverdance
5. The Irish Trash Can

The only con : it's pretty damn expensive. But then again, all the good things in life do not come for free, do they?

##

2017-12-24 16:49:02
Amrita Paul Ghatak
16557040
5.0
"All work no beer makes any1 so boring " so this is how I describe irish house...An ideal place where "Friends of same feather booze together". The place is well designed with an irish clock along with the beautiful quotes on the wall....Such as "no use crying over spilt milk it could have been beer"..The twisted old fashion beer hand in hand with green appletine. Continued with melodramatic starters ie irish lion , drunken prawns ,with creamy brandy dips or signature house dips. Spicy sweet corn pizzas was more than perfect.All of the above was the Irish riverdance, the beer mug overloaded with brownie, vanilla ice cream, choco truffles, crumbles, cookies, topped with caramel sauce, nuts...

##

