2015-08-13 12:03:10
Daniel Linz
30582101
5.0
I have been there with my girlfriend and we really really liked the place. It's very nice and smart. The food does not has high price, i loved the food. The people were good. Big space. Affordable, for family, meetings, dating too.

##

2014-11-13 09:31:18
Roshni
1246686
3.5
My partner and I love hassle-free, non-hookah cafes and we were very delighted to spot this cafe by Hotel Niharika this Monday, on our another new-place hunting expedition. Seeing the menu on Zomato, we decided not to linger on the thought of visiting and effectively set our feet here last evening.
The place seemed nice and spacious from the outside, especially the pictures on the signboard gave an alluring image... successful marketing i'd say. In reality, it is a hotel waiting lounge  turned into  pit-stop cafe. Did not bother us much, because the decor was good, match on the big tv, comfortable seating, no noisy customer - just the perfect set up we miss at most places.
The menu is simple, but it took a long, really long time to place the order. In fact, there was no one to attend to us until we walked down to the reception and asked to send someone. That is a turn down. If you are intending to cater to the crowd outside your hotel clientèle, proper arrangements should be made by the management. Another turn down was non-availability of items on the menu. Timing mentioned is 11-9. It is a simple menu I repeat. But nothing apart from sandwich was available. So, we had to settle for that and ordered one chocolate shake and one cold coffee alongside. The journey from here was good, no complains henceforth. Service was good, didn't take much time to serve the food. Though it was nothing out of the world, everything tasted decent and we were happy with the price-quality-quantity ratio.
Overall verdict: me happy. But a little attention from the management is suggested to enhance the potential and experience of this new venture. Good place to be for a quick bite or coffee if you are in the locality. Good place for us to sit and have a good talk as well and mind you, i'll be travelling some 20km to have a good time with my partner, so i am not exactly in the locality but i will probably visit again :)

##

