2017-01-07 14:21:28
Naiwrita Sinha
32879736
1.5
Ordered today from a this place as I wanted to try something new. The menu is pretty extensive, and the prices looked pocket-friendly. The man who took the order over the phone sounded cooperative, suggesting dishes and willing to customise the preparation. 

I ordered the kashmiri pulao and chicken curry. Delivery was pretty much on time, around 15-20 mins late. The total cost came to 270 for both dishes (no taxes or delivery), so I was quite stoked. 

When the food came, spirits sank quite a bit. The quantity was way too less than expected. In small eateries like this one, food quantity in a single dish is usually enough for two moderate eaters. But their pulao would just about suffice for one person. And only two pieces of chicken (average sized), in a few spoonfuls of gravy. 

Hopes plummeted all the way to the bottom at the first taste. The rice was thick-grained, totally unsuitable for a dish as delicate as the kashmiri pulao. Cashew, raisins and paneer was abundant, and so were apple bits. In my opinion, they could have shown some restraint with the apples, the smell was quite distinct in the dish. 

Both rice and chicken tasted below average. The chicken was soft, however, and medium spicy. There's nothing remarkable at all. To be honest, I would be happy about the quality and quantity if the dishes had been eaten at a roadside food stall. But when you are looking at a restaurant such as this one (it looks well-maintained with good seating arrangement and decor in the pics), expectations are naturally higher. And sadly not met. 

I wouldn't recommended this to anyone. I might say this was a one-off incident, but this is a Saturday, supposedly a peak day for eateries.

##

2017-01-07 14:11:07
Subhadeep Chowdhury
11883981
1.0
Just had Kashmiri pulao an chicken curry, but I'm sorry to say the taste is below average, the quantity is way too little for two. It costs Rs.270 for both the items but truly saying, it is better to have food from Benfish PNB than here. At least you will get 6 chicken pieces if you order from Benfish PNB while The Calcutta Cravings only served two pieces. So, it's a no go for me.

##

2016-12-27 00:07:35
Satwik Burman
35041268
5.0
Well looking at the price range it would be wrong if you expect expect a top notch interior decoration that would be at par with the top food joints of the town but if you go by the food quality then I guess there would be very few places around that area that would be capable of serving such lip smacking taste at such a reasonable price. The fish fry is an item to look out for where you would be served pure bhetki fillet fried. 
Not a single dish felt stale and the freshness is bewildering.  Would be visiting soon.

##

