2017-12-29 03:47:11
Rudradeep Biswas (RDB)
2910482
5.0
Library of De Sovrani is not your regular library, it is not full of books nor it offers book for reading to its guests. Library is a new age classy bar cum restaurant, located at Sector I of Saltlake, very near to City Center, Saltlake. 

At the very first I told it's classy and truly it is. It's not your regular bar where loud music are played on and millennials are the major crowd. Rather Library maintains the age old essence mixed with new belongings. Frankly speaking Library is beyond the pub culture, and I liked it on the first visit. 

Now coming to the Library's extravagant offering of beverages and main cuisines - we had Classic bruschetta, Dahi ke kebab, Shanghai spring roll (veg), Drums of heaven (of chicken with bone), Subz Tandoori khazana (veg and non veg tandoori platter), Wok tossed lamb with garlic and black bean sauce (one of the best lamb preparation I tasted recently), Pan fried chilli fish (another A++ dish), Homemade fish fingers with minty smashed peas and Kesari murgh tikka. 

Library is having a bunch nice offer for the festive season: 

1. 6 small Premium Whiskey (signature or Blender's Pride) + 1 veg/ non veg platter @ Rs 799 (all inclusive)

2. 4 pint of Domestic Beer + 1 bucket of Fries @ Rs 799  (all inclusive)

3. 4 small Black Dog/ Teachers HL + 1 veg/non veg platter @ Rs 899  (all inclusive)

However we went for cocktails - mostly fusion based and festive season backed. Christmas delight (Ice Cream based), Just Nolen gur (one of the innovative ideas, but frankly speaking rum did not make a justice to nolen gur), Coriander juleep (very much basic cocktail with a coriander smell by the leaves), Wakeup kolkata (orange based mostly, but tastes good). 

The price is bit up, but ambience and service wise Library is one of the finest of Kolkata.

##

2017-12-27 00:48:02
Dwaipayan Ghosh
46524563
4.0
Located at a pretty prime place with an avid space of ample parking it’s one of the best lounges to booze with ur colleagues amidst nice darkness n soothing music, the price too is not that huge while the staff are quite courteous and friendly. Overall a definite recommendation

##

2017-12-25 03:03:58
Jaydeep Seth
20329657
5.0
X Mas vibes are on and here The Library has came up with a new set of menu...

One of the best experience so far... Each n every food was so delicious, that it will take time to forget that. My tastebuds can still sense those. An evening well spent with some mind refreshing as well as my favourite tracks playing in the background can be said as a total bliss. Loved it.

Generally they have some combo or set of menu to offer their visitors....Offers for the month:

1. 6 small Premium Whiskey (signature or Blender's Pride) + 1 veg/ non veg platter @ 799 AI.

2. 4 pint of Domestic Beer + 1 bucket of Fries @ 799 AI.

3. 4 small Black Dog/ Teachers HL + 1 veg/non veg platter @ 899 AI.

New Christmas Menu includes some special dishes but my favourites are Kesari murgh tikka, Pan fried chilli fish, Wok tossed lamb with garlic and black bean sauce and Homemade fish fingers with minty smashed peas. Even the veg items are too good. Really cant distinguish. All the items are highly recommended. No points of error. Hats off Chef.

One phrase- Hit it or Miss it…!!
The new menu includes---

Classic bruschetta
Dahi ke kebab
Shanghai spring roll
Drums of heaven
Subz Tandoori khazana
Wok tossed lamb with garlic and black bean sauce
Pan fried chilli fish
Homemade fish fingers with minty smashed peas
Kesari murgh tikka

COCKTAILS-

Christmas delight
Just Nolen gur
Coriander juleep
Wakeup kolkata

##

2017-12-24 13:24:35
Supratik Chakravarty
4338851
4.5
Vivers studio!

Every once in awhile, we all stand in the need of sustenance from this busy world. We all quest for our own revivals. As a consequence so did I, visited this beautiful LIBRARY of cuisines and beverages. Situated near CC1, colossal in magnitude and prodigious in ambience. And selfsame the eminence of nourishment.

As they were pioneering their new carte du jour for the coming eve, thus, greeted us with their beverages which were Christmas Delight, contained of Vanilla ice cream, whiskey, chocolate and sugar syrup. Lush in the extreme. Just Nolengur, consisted of dark rum, lemon juice, nolengur and ginger strips. Macabre trial they had supplied. Furthermore, there were Coriander Julep, made up of vodka, coriander leaves, Gondhoraj lime, lemon juice and lemonade, was the exquisite drink of the night and aided by Wake-up Kolkata, comprised vodka, infusion, orange juice and lime juice. This couple had devised the perfectly.

However in cuisines, we were thronged by Classic Bruschetta, made up of grilled bread rubbed with summer tomatoes, fresh garden basil, and garlic, however, topped with olive oil, salt and pepper; Dahi Ke Kebab, where hang yogurt is shallow fried with spices; Subz Tandoor Khazana, an assorted dish of mixed kebab; Shanghai spring roll which were savory rolls with cabbage and other vegetables in it. All these platters utterly sprang me up in curd to forge a classic khazana out of me. Nonpareil dishes to gobble up.

Besides, in non-veg we had Drums of Heaven, where chicken leg pieces were cooked in Hong Kong and Shandong style in chilli plum sauce; Wok Tossed Lamb, contained of stir fried lamb sauteed with garlic and black bean sauce; Pan Fried Chilli Fish, soft pieces of boneless fish marinated in spices; Homemade Fish Fingers, served with smashed peas and green salad; and Kesari Murgh Tikka, where chicken pieces were marinated with yogurt and saffron. Consequently, every single bite of them tossed and fried my 'drum' so well in homemade style that I can get a whiff of the saffron from me.

Therefore, totally revered every moment over here, and indeed a glorious studio to get revived.

##

2017-12-24 04:38:55
Pinkii Roy
118371
5.0
Situated nearby CC1 and Sonnet, this Library is all set to fill you with their knowledge of lip-smacking cuisines and innovative cocktails.

The Ambience and service is 10/10, an old school feel yet classy.

Christmas special menu has exquisite line up with 3special offers on your favourite poison & platter.

A) 6 small Premium Whiskey(Signature of Blender's Pride) + 1veg/non veg platter - Rs799.

B) 4 pint of Domestic Beer +1bucket of Fries - Rs799

C) 4 small Black Dog / Teacher HL + 1veg/non veg - Rs899

Now coming to Christmas special menu..

1)Shanghai Spring Rolls- crisp outside, soft inside with fresh veggies & yummy cheese.. served along with schewan dip.Will prefer it over non veg starter anyday.

2)Keshari Murg - The amazing smell of saffron and mustard hits you much before you devour it & makes you want more. Soft chicken pieces marinated in saffron and yoghurt and cooked to perfection! A must try.

3)Home made fish fingers - Sizeable Fish fingers served with a mint & peas dip and mayo dip.

4)Subz Tandoori Khazana - A veg kebab platter which flattered a hard core non veg lover like me. Served upon the dish is Mushroom malai kebab, Brocolli Tandoori, Paneer Tikka and Veg Sheekh kebab. Mushroom as kebab can be so yummy, one has to taste it to believe the awesomeness. 

5)Classic Bruschetta - Properly crisp grilled bread topped with olives, sundried tomatoes, cheese and served with Pesto. Every bite will be worth it.

6)Pan Fried Fish - Star of the menu for me.. Soft Basa with a proper crisp coating and thick spicy sauce to savour. A must try!

7)Wok tossed lamb - Delectable lamb pieces tossed in black bean sauce. Mildly spicy but full marks for yumminess.

8)Drums of Heaven - Chicken drumsticks coated with spicy chilli plum sauce to keep tingling your tastebuds.

9)Dahi k Kebab - A treat for the vegetarians specially. A north Indian delicacy made with hung curd mixed with Indian spices, will melt in your mouth.

The Drinks were quite innovative, my favourite being Christmas delight which is Whiskey blended with vanilla ice cream, chocolate and sugar syrup.

Other cocktails were

Coriander Julep - Vodka infused with Coriander leaves, kafir lime and lemonade. It was nice.

Wake up Kolkata - A concoction of Vodka with lime and orange juice, should be a favourite with citrus lovers.

Just Nolengur - Okish in taste, Dark Rum mixed with Nolen gur, giner strips and lemon juice.

WILL RECOMMEND THIS PLACE FOR QUITE QUALITY MEAL ,FAMILY GET TOGETHERS OR PROFESSIONAL MEETINGS .

##

2017-12-23 17:49:44
Mohit Kejriwal
30283038
4.5
As children, we have often visited libraries to study and enhance our knowledge base. A library is generally expected to have a decent collection of books / study materials to feed the hungry mind, to impart intellect and make better human beings.

But here comes along a so-called LIBRARY, which is adamant to spoil you – with it’s wide variety of mocktails, cocktails, starters (both veg and non veg)!

Based out of the ground floor of the revered De Sovrani hotel, a few metres from City Center 1, this place turned out be a huge surprise for team Munching Monks, when we were invited to launch their winter menu!

Being a core vegetarian and teetotaller by birth, I sampled only the below veg items from their wide variety winter menu:-

(i)	Classic Bruschetta – Long sliced grilled bread below chunks of tomatoes with basil, garlic, mint chutney and grated cheese (of course) - topped with olive oil, salt and pepper – full marks for presentation. This will surely tickle your taste buds if you have it piping hot, though!

(ii)	Dahi ke kebab – Hang yoghurt shallow fried spice kebabs, served with some salads, coriander as well as mint chutney – it is difficult to imagine a kebab so devoid of oil, yet so tasty!

(iii)	Subz Tandoori Khazana – Assorted kebabs – comprising:-

(a)	Brocolli – Great taste overpowered by the high fat content!

(b)	Corn kebabs – Pick of the kebabs amongst these!

(c)	Mushrooms – Served tandoor style along with sliced tomatoes, capsicums etc.

(d)	Paneer tikka – A great kebab!

(iv)	Shanghai Spring Roll – Savory rolls with cabbage and other vegetables, perfectly rolled and perfectly crisped, though I repented the somewhat high oil content!

Needless to comment on their service or their price tag! Ambience is quite simple, nothing great, with some Holly numbers playing in the background and a couple of TV’s to keep you entertained! Seating is quite comfortable, you have the option for both sofa styled seating as well as high stools! They have given it the design of a library with book styled monuments adoring the walls and racks!

All in all, had an evening of memories, which I will cherish for long. This new launch menu with such a reasonable price tag definitely warrants atleast 1 visit this December, if not more!

##

2017-12-23 16:26:13
Sumana Mandal
4644921
4.5
A warm thanks to the Management of The Library - De Sovrani for the invitation courtesy. And now a disclaimer: it's an unbiased review irrespective of the fact that i was invited by the restaurant management. The restaurant is hosting a Christmas gala that includes variety of munchies along with your favourite poison to wash it all off. They have 3 different offers for the month:
1. 6 small Premium Whiskey (signature or Blender's Pride) + 1 veg/ non veg platter @ 799 AI.
2. 4 pint of Domestic Beer + 1 bucket of Fries @ 799 AI.
3. 4 small Black Dog/ Teachers HL + 1 veg/non veg platter @ 899 AI.
So without further ado, let's get started with the details.

● Location: a few yards from CC1. Diagonally opposite to The Sonnet.
● Ambience: as good as a restaurant serving liquor should be. Music on point. Dimly lit. Comfy seating, fits around 40 heads approx. Nice bar counter with high bar stools. Proactive waiters.
● Beverages: The restaurant is serving some Christmas special Cocktails.
* Christmas Delight: Whiskey blended with vanilla ice cream, chocolate & sugar syrup. Decent!
* Just Nolengur: Dark Rum punched with Nolengur, lemon juice and ginger strips. Thjs wasn't so appealing to any of us.
* Coriander Julep: A concoction of Vodka with coriander leaves, Gondhoraj lime, lime juice and lemonade. It was okayish.
* Wakeup Kolkata: Vodka, infusion, orange juice, lime juice. Loved by all!

● Food: Each one of the following dishes won us over.
* Classic Bruschetta: Grilled bread rubbed with pesto and sun dried tomatoes, topped with black olives, olive oil, cheese, salt & pepper. Yum!
* Dahi ke kebab: Hung curd mixed with indian spices and shallow fried. Melts in your mouth!
* Subz Tandoori Khazana: A platter full of veggie kebabs consisting of Broccoli tandoori (terrific!), mushroom malai kebab (so freaking good), paneer tikka ( again a bomb), veg sheekh kebab (soft & tasty). Never in my dream ever i though that someday i would like a veg tandoori platter so much! Must try!
* Shanghai spring rolls: Veg spring rolls stuffed with cabbage & other veggies.
* Drums of Heaven: chicken drumsticks tossed in chilli plum sauce. Hong kong style.
* Wok Tossed Lamb with garlic and black bean sauce: Recommended! Must try!
* Pan fried chilli fish: Another must try!
* Homemade Fish Fingers with minty mashed peas: tasted good!
* Keshari Murgh Tikka: Best of the last! chicken tikka marinated in saffron & yogurt. Yummiest tikka i've ever had in my entire existence. The tikkas were soft & succulent to the next level! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Loved the food more over the drinks. We were full at our stomachs yet our heart craved more even when we could shove no further.
Thanks to the Management again for such heart-warming hospitality! Can't wait to visit again.

##

2017-12-23 03:39:27
Subhalaxmi Nath
36270805
5.0
With all the enthralling amenities ,this place is a one stop destination for all.The Library-De Sovrani is going to be the happiness mantra this festive season.
Located near the City centre 1 ,this place offers scrumptious dishes and lovely drinks .  
The minimal but swanky decor and lively music is perfect to set the mood right.
So we team Munching Monks had been invited by Kamalini paul to this amazing place for tasting their Special Christmas menu.

MENU:-
1.Classic bruschetta-Served in a white flat dish,this is a toasted Italian bread drizzled with olive oil and topped with cherry tomatoes,olives,garlic ,fresh basil and grated cheese.Proved to be a great appetizer.
2.Dahi ke kebab-Hung curd mixed with flour and assorted spices and shallow fried till perfection.It was crisp on the outside and soft on inside 
3.Shanghai spring roll-Thin roll sheets filled with a concoction of chopped cabbage,carrot and onion.Crunchy and absolutely delectable.
4.Drums of heaven-Chicken lollipop tossed in chilli plum sauce.Chicken was juicy and tasted delicious.
5.Subz Tandoori khazana-A perfect vegetarian platter comprising of paneer ,mushroom and broccoli kebabs .Perfectly charred that gave a aromatic smoky flavour.
6.Wok tossed lamb with garlic and black bean sauce-
Sliced lamb cooked in a flavourful sauce. One of the best dish i have ever had.
7.Pan fried chilli fish-Succulent fish pieces marinated with spices and deep fried . Then tossed in a flavourful sauce. Tasted amazing.
8.Homemade fish fingers with minty smashed peas-Boneless fish coated in spiced flour slurry and deep fried. This was a totally delectable dish.
9.Kesari murgh tikka-Now arrives the star of the evening.Ultra soft and melt in mouth kebabs with a appealing saffron flavour.

COCKTAILS-
1.Christmas delight
2.Just Nolen gur
3.Coriander juleep
4.Wakeup kolkata

Totally satisfied with the food and courteous service ,we called it a day with happy faces.
Thanks a lot Chef Kaushik Dhar for serving us these delectable food items.
So peeps the ball is in your court now,visit this place now or regret later.
Would surely visit again to try other awesome dishes.
Kudos to the whole. team of The Library-De sovrani.

##

2017-09-17 01:10:48
The Foodinista
31649667
5.0
দুর্গা পূজা is the one of the most famous and festival celebrated in Bengal. With a fortnight of the puja remaining, here’s the sneak pick you can go to get a taste awesome spread of Dishes at De Sovrani. D for Durga Puja, D for De Sovrani
                                                                ...

##

2017-09-15 16:00:35
Meghna Dass
1403084
4.0
For the all of you who live for the 'spirit' in spiritual De Sovrani has the library to keep you tipplers quenched during puja. Introducing a range of new cocktails and mocktails for the puja special a special ullash event was organised where the #MunchingMonks  were invited to attend. The good old dhunuchi was the tumbler for a smokin new drink. The foochka shorts is also on offer along with pathishaptas with oldmonk rum. The dab mojito could also be the thirst quencher of your choice. The mixologist explained that this was his way of marrying alcohol with the bengali sweets, I am guessing two of his favourite things :p . This is a homage to the alcohol infused desserts from the west and this could potentially be the next big thing.

My pictures don't do justice to the  spread for which have a look at the pictures by

##

2017-09-14 14:26:03
Arnab Ganguly
14634791
4.5
Where is the fun in food,without the drinks!

So that's the mantra,The Library(De Sovrani) is following for their "Durga Puja Special Menu".

For all those foodies and alcohol lovers "Ullas" is a supreme feast one wouldn't want to miss out on.

Starting from liquor sweets like "Tipsy Patishapta" and "Flaming Rosogolla".
The "Ullas" menu get's it's uniqueness from the twist of tastes and variety of flavours with crazy cocktails like "Dhunuchir Dhunki" and "Daab Mojito" (*HIGH*ly recommended).
"Phuchka Shorts" was the showstopper amongst the crazy cocktails.The raw flavours of street perfectly blending with the sophisticated touch of alcohol thus adding a whole new dimension to the "being high" scenario.

*Innovation Next*

So for all the party freaks,de sovrani's The Library has left no stone unturned to pamper your Durga Pujo mood ans to give you that happy high feeling,there would be insane offers on several brand of alcohol for those who like it the conventional way.

Celebrate this festive season with the variety of flavours which "De Sovrani" has to offer amd rediscover the traditions and culture of this festive season in all new light.

Stay high but stay safe and don't drink & drive.

Jomiye katuk,durga pujo.

#DuggaDugga

##

2017-09-13 12:43:38
Shuvarup Sadhukhan
16137460
4.5
Bengal's most popular festival is here Durga Puja.
Just a fews days left for the Durga Puja and De Sovrani just launched their Puja Fedo Festival varieties of Buffet.
Its time that Bangaliana meets the best time of the year with best dishes in the town.
We were invited by Ms. Kamalini Paul (director) to the launch. A big thankyou for the invitation.

De Sovrani - The Library launched some new drinks to their list called 'Ulaash' or উল্লাস

● De Sovrani Special (₹75) - A craze and traditional sweet dish with vodka and flames.
● Phuchka Shorts (₹180) - The craze started on the streets and ended with the mixture of tamarind and vodka in the bars of kolkata. Served 3 at a time with vodka.
● Tipsy Patisapta (₹180) - A traditional bengali sweet dish alcohol infused jaggery and coconut.
● Daab Mojito (₹210) - Fresh tender Coconut mixed with corriander vodka and served in coconut shell.
● Mahalaya (₹210) - A blend of beer and vodka infused in sugarcane and mint.
● Litchee Fizz (₹210) - A smoky refreshing cocktail with beer and litchee juice.
●Dhunuchir Dhunki (₹800) - Served for 2. All time favourite body banger served in bengali traditional. way.

It was a wonderful experience being there.
Looking for perfect refreshment in Durga Puja? So do check in for the special drinks.

##

2017-03-13 11:39:51
Trayee Roy
38812973
4.5
I described about this hotel in a one word "awesome"...deliverey time appropriate,good quality food and price appropriate..I loved this hotel..

##

2016-12-24 08:48:07
Vmurarka77
1176524
1.0
Over the top expensive. Recently had my school reunion party at The Library. 2 veg starters 2 non-veg was served cold. Drinks offered Black Label, Smirnoff, Bacardi & Budwiser. Main course Dal, Breads, Jeera Rice, 2 veg & 2 non-veg that too with bones. Again served cold. Music stopped at 11 so did the service of drinks. Price per head a whooping 2800/- pp. Discos like Mynx, M-Bar on Park Street give a much better deal for a lesser price. Keep in mind De Sovrani is located near City Centre 1.

##

2016-09-03 11:06:16
Sunil Agarwal
35798995
3.5
Nice bar....good sitting arrangements....... Food is good..... But service should be improved and song selection should be improved..........

##

2016-07-04 20:29:32
Souvik Saha
1950072
3.5
The place is good to chill out with friends. Service is quick and the food is also good.
They have good cocktails and the Chinese and indian food is pretty good here.

##

2016-07-04 18:44:38
Shailesh Ganeriwala
30307841
3.5
These ppl were promoting the package for hotel vouchers and discount vouchers very much. Nicely made with luxury ambience. A proper bar cum small lounge for business meetings or get together. Maximum sofa seats with good range of liquor available. Food is pretty decent.

##

2016-06-10 22:40:10
Anirban Mondal
2785070
3.0
As per environment, it is so so type. We had been to this place for a office party and I think they need to improve their service a bit. Food was good not the best in respect of the money they will charge. Yes, you can give it a visit hope that was a bad day for them. Be positive have fun stay foodie :D cheers...

##

2016-01-31 23:26:06
Anusreea - The Food Trippers
2257306
4.0
Small place for a bar. Too many restrictions. Just one person manning the bar and another serving. The starters served were cold. Okay ish place. The restaurant is a better option.

##

2015-11-10 21:51:59
Gaurav Sureka
29101066
4.0
Nice place..good food and reasonable pricing..nice place to hop down for drinks and some finger food..the ambience is calm and cosy and staff is quite friendly too..

##

2014-09-11 09:45:03
Rahul Bardhan
470053
4.0
Nice place and interiors. Crowd is business class. They have in house DJ however since the crowd is mostly business class it's of no use. Services are excellent and the crews are very well behaved and they remember your choice if you are visit more than once. Starters n sides are very limited as compared to its other restaurant. One must try the cheese chilli toast whether u r veg or non veg. Been here several times, overall satisfactory.

##

2014-04-18 21:36:17
Akash Poddar
1024908
4.0
Cool breakfast

##

2014-02-08 18:05:48
Suyash Agarwal
1463530
2.5
Its costly and sucks sonnet is better nearest and lots if of offers given

##

2013-10-31 12:58:36
Aditya Bhimrajka
10307
4.5
Amazing ambiance with class factor deeply inoculated. I loved the place first time,  I went in with 2 friends and had a real good time in there. By now 24  visits and loving it more. the amazing food and the good sip menu, with awesome price tag makes you feel good.

The Happy Hours is really facilitating and i love every inch of it. a must visit for one and all. Though its a lil heavy on pocket.

##

