2016-08-16 23:45:12
Avijit Biswas
1095896
1.0
Tried a egg roll from here today... its was below average... the joint is specious but lack of management ruining the place... most of the things are not available... and the wired thing was they are selling samosas as evening snacks... staffs are ok... nothing to say about service and deco... pocket pinch was ok...

##

2014-07-26 18:07:07
Debdutta Ghosh
1067318
1.5
A newly opened restaurant in Kasba, Ubique City is an example of bad management and moreover poor food. The restaurant has North Indian and Chinese options available along with an evening snack counter with stuff mainly rolls.

The food is very bad. I tried their Chinese section and I can only say that this is so far the worst Chinese I've had in a long time. The hakka noodles are very oily and thick, they also taste very strange. Chicken with Babycorn and Mushroom is also not very good. Chicken Pakora is fine but are a bit oversize.

Their snack counter is mainly for rolls but also prepare samosas, kachoris and kebabs. The rolls are pathetic. Too less chicken and too much oil is what their policy is. However the preparation area is clean and the cooking utensils are modern. The chicken and all roll fillings are stored in compartments cleanly. Roll making is also very fast as four people (including one for billing, who also helps) in total are in-charge of that department.

Now here comes the biggest nonsense I have ever seen, they can afford to put four people at the roll counter but say they do not have enough staff when it comes to the main restaurant. Their opening time should be 12 Noon, but do not or cannot open anytime before 1:00-1:15PM because neither the cook nor the delivery boy comes. When I called at 1PM, the guy on the other end was nearly sleeping, he had no idea of the time and said that we don't take orders before 12 Noon whereas it was 1PM. His voice clearly felt as if he had been sleeping or drunk. It took me 7 minutes total to place the order, as he would run away to check with his chef or someone that if that item can be prepared. In the end he told me that the delivery boy was not available and I may have to collect the food myself, however delivered the food after many negotiations. Now just to let you know, my apartment was just the next building opposite to their restaurant and delivering there was like a pain for them.

Some good points of the restaurant are that the quantity is massive, and price is very low. However this points are not good enough for someone to trust them for their afternoon lunch. They are better at preparing snacks, so they should be given an attempt only in the evenings when you are hungry.

##

