2018-01-11 20:23:06
Pooja Punjabi
35652799
4.5
We wanna Eat is a food delivery joint located in park circus area , serving Continental, Mexican and American food! 
Coming to the food : 
*Fish and Chips : Two big pieces of fish served with generous amount of fries and 2 types of dips 
*Spaghetti A.O. P : Spicy spaghetti aglio olio that will leave your taste buds wanting for more 
* Seafood balls 
*Tenderloin burgers : 2 beef burgers in one plate. 
*Teriyaki Chicken with signature fried rice : Chicken in teriyaki sauce served with chicken and egg fried rice! 

The packing was really good and it ensured that the food stays warm. 

I strongly recommend the Spaghetti and the Teriyaki chicken!

##

2018-01-10 23:43:42
Debalina Mukherjee/thathungrytraveller
2515676
4.0
This is a new delivery joint I suddenly found out while scrolling for options on Zomato. This is located near Park Circus Area. 
I was invited for lunch at a friend's place where we ordered food from this joint. They have Continental, Mexican as well as American cuisines to choose from. Options are limited but they are best at whatever they serve. 
We ordered :
• Fish and Chips - Classic fish and chips has to be one of the starters. They serve two fish fries with French fries, the fish fry is crisp from outside and soft and juicy from inside. 
• Seafood balls - These have 10-12 pieces of fried balls with sea fish fillings served with garlic mayo and tartar sauce. They taste brilliant, soft and crunchy. The quantity is surprisingly good and definitely filling.
• Tenderloin sliders - It consists of 2 mini burgers of Beef Tenderloin served with their in house sauce. The beef tasted a little rubbery but it's a real good deal at dirt cheap price of just 150 for two burgers. 
• Spaghetti A.O.P - This has veg spaghetti, cooked to perfection with roasted garlic, capers, olives, chili flakes and tasted delicious. 
• Chicken Teriyaki - this is a combo consisting of fried rice (chicken and egg) with teriyaki chicken. They give quite a number of chicken slices, cooked in barbeque sauce ,tastes heavenly. The combo can serve upto 3 persons. 
Trying new places in terms of food might be risky but I can assure you that this delivery joint won't let you down. They have limited options but the best ones. Also, they maintain good hygiene with the packaging of the food items. The service is prompt and delivers food in a short time. Quality and quantity of the dishes are commendable. Prices are also unexpectedly reasonable. This new delivery joint is here to stay for sure. Recommended!

##

2018-01-10 22:55:32
Nishita Dey
33008739
4.5
I’ve ordered food quite a few times already and I haven’t been disappointed even once. Food is fresh, tastes delicious and its pocket-friendly what more could one ask for.
Chicken hot honey supreme- 5 juicy chicken pieces in a portion. Sauce complements the chicken very well.
Tortilla pin wheel was something unique & the salsa packed in a good punch.
Crispy chilli potatoes were really tasty & crispy. Who doesn’t love potatoes!!!
If you enjoy seafood then definitely try the golden prawns, fish & chips. The portions are good, fresh & tasty. Well complemented with the dipping sauces.
Loved the Spaghetti A.O.P. It was al dente & well seasoned, well spiced.
WWE Tenderloin burger, Chicken stroganoff, Devil prawns are other must tries.
Haven’t tried the other items on the menu but I’m sure they won’t disappoint.

##

2018-01-10 22:17:51
Mohit Kapoor
37136461
4.5
We wanna eat is a delivery joint located near Talbagan (Park Circus Area).
The unit deals in American, Continental and Mexican Cuisine.
Coming to the food-
* Seafood Balls - served with Garlic Mayo sauce.
- Delicious and taste perfect with the combination of sauce.
* Chicken Teriyaki Combo -
Chicken Teriyaki with Signature Fried Rice-
Tangy and perfectly spicy chicken gravy with Fried rice. Taste Excellent.
*Sphagetti A.O.P -
The Extra Spicy Sphagetti makes it taste wonderful. Loved it.
*Tenderloin Burger Slider -
2 Mini burgers with Beef tenderloins with basic buger fillings.
* Fish and Chips -
Completely loved this one. Deep Fried fish with good quantity of fries. Served with home made sauce.

The best part from this delivery outlet is although this price may seem little high, the quantity will always make you happy.

Recommended - Sphagetti A.O.P and Fish and Chips.

##

2017-12-25 15:37:54
Sushma Keshwani
641578
5.0
Amazing food......authentic taste.
Very delicious and reasonably priced.
Quality food . The delivery is fast. Fish and chips are Must have. Fried Rice is another favourite. Must try for everyone in Kolkata.

##

2017-12-21 17:52:15
Pawan Jaiswal/The Food Crave
73744
4.0
LOCATION : PARK CIRCUS

Get together with foodie friends and food has to be on the table with ongoing India T20 Match.
Tried this delivery outlet and ordered

Hot Honey Chicken Supreme : Nice

Devil Prawn W/Mexican Rice : Good

Calabrian Spaghetti : Chicken and noodles together were wow.

Wwe Tenderlion chicken Burger : Chicken between the buns with onion, tomato was fabuous.

Parcel from here was on time and food was very nice as well.. Yes We Wanna Eat Again

##

2017-12-20 22:13:24
Avi Singh
2398034
4.0
It is a delivery and take away joint located in Park Circus Area,We were at a friends place and decided to order some food for dinner.

We ordered:

Hot Honey Chicken Supreme: This was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside,a really good starter to kick off our dinner.

Calabrian Spaghetti: One of the best Spaghetti I have had,really well flavoured and delicious in taste.

Devil Prawn W/Mexican Rice: The prawns were fresh and went really with the mexican rice which was well flavoured.

Chicken Sliders: Served with fries these sliders tasted decent.


Service: The delivery was quick and the delivery boy was courteous 

Pocket Pinch: Very reasomable.

Highly Recommended if you want delicious  food at cheap rates delivered at your doorstep.

##

2017-12-20 21:57:04
Aman Singh Rajput
35217527
4.0
So we ordered food today from this very new place . We decided to watch today's match at a friend's place and we took notice of this new delivery joint . 

What We Ordered : 

⚫️Hot Honey Chicken Supreme : Basically was the Chicken Cutlet fried perfectly . It was huge . You have 2 pieces of this and you will be full . 4/5 

⚫️Golden Prawn : This was my favourite . Very crunchy and delicious . Very soft on the inside . A delight for all prawn lovers out there . 5/5 

⚫️Chicken Slider : Mini Chicken Burger was very good . The chicken was tender and was laid on a bed of tomato and lettuce . 4/5 

⚫️ Signature Fried Rice : Amazing . Loaded with egg , chicken and prawn it's a steal at that price . Mindblowing . 4.5/5 

⚫️ Calabrian Spaghetti : 5/5 . Have it to believe it . 

⚫️ Devil Prawn with Mexican Rice : Good . The rice had a great smoky flavour . The prawn was ok . 4/5 

Very pocket friendly and lovely packaging . The delivery was also done very quick . 

Recommended :)

##

2017-12-20 21:46:29
Abhishek Ghosh
37641573
4.5
We ordered food from here and it was an awesome experience. It's a new takeout outlet and dining in is not an option.
Coming straight to the food we had hot honey chicken supreme and Golden prawn for starters both of which were too good.
In the main course we had chicken sliders and Singaporean fried rice , Calabrian spaghetti and devil prawn with Mexican rice all of which were simply awesome. Then we had WWE tenderloin burger.
To sum up it was amazing . I'd like all of you to try it out.

##

